10 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
okami young  assassin  
the beginning  
 
in a world full of pain, 
nobody can hear you scream. 
 
 
 
 
hurt porter  ii 
 ii 
 
  
 
© 2023  by hurt  porter  iii. all rights  reserved.  
 
 
no part of this book may be reproduced in any written, 
electronic, recording, or photocopying form without the written 
permission of the publisher  or author. the exception would be 
in the case of brief quotations embodied in the critical articles or 
reviews and pages where the publishe r or author specifically 
grants permission. 
 
although every precaution has been taken to verify the accuracy 
of the information contained herein, the author and publisher 
assume no responsibility for any errors or omissions. no 
liability is assumed for damages that may result from the use of 
the information 
contained within. 
 iii 
 
 
the book may be purchased by contacting the publisher and 
author at: 
www.authorhurtporteriii.com 
cover design: lig llc 
interior  design: lig llc publisher:  lig llc 
editor: lig llc 
isbn-10: 8885677398 
isbn-13: 9798885677394 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  iv 
 
 
 
 
dedication… 
 
 
 
 
to my dear  son ashitaka,  
i am filled with love and gratitude as i dedicate this book to you. from 
the moment you were born, you have been a source of inspiration and joy 
in my life. your presence has given me the drive and motivation to work 
hard and make a better future for both of us. 
i have always been committed to loving and supporting you in every 
way i can, and i am proud of the person you have become. your 
determination and strength inspire me every day, and i am grateful to have 
you as my son. 
i hope that these words will outlive me and that you can share them 
with your children and grandchildren in the years to come. you are the 
most important person in my life and i love you more than anything in 
the world. 
v 
 
this book is a small expression of my appreciation for you and the 
love you have brought into my life. i am forever grateful to have you as 
my son.  
to all of those who supported my book project, i am deeply grateful 
to every one of you for your contributions to the creation and reality of 
this book. your support and encouragement have been a constant source 
of motivation and inspiration throughout the years, and i am grateful 
for your unwavering belief in me. 
i want to wholeheartedly thank my publisher, destinee hawkins. 
your dedication, commitment, and integrity have been invaluable to the 
success of this project, and i am grateful for your hard work and 
contributions. you are a blessing to me and a joy to work with, and i am 
thankful for your support. 
this book would not have been possible without the support of all of 
you. thank you for your invaluable contributions and for never giving up 
on me. you made this possible! 
and to mr. chris daughtery and his wife jovita, 
i am deeply grateful to both of you for the impact you have had on my 
life and for the invaluable support and guidance you have provided me. 
your non-profit organization, from boys to gentlemen, has made a positive 
difference in our community and i am indebted for having the 
opportunity to be a part of it. 
your dedication to helping others and making a difference in the 
world is an inspiration to me, and i want to thank you for how you have 
helped me grow and become a better man and father. vi 
 
jovita, i am especially grateful for your support and for being a shining 
example of what it means to have someone's back. your strength and 
guidance are worth admiration. 
i hope that this message will serve as a token of my appreciation for all 
that you have done for me. thank you for your unwavering support and 
for always believing in me. 
with love and appreciation. 
and to dr. rosenna bakari, 
i am deeply grateful to you for your support and guidance throughout 
my life. your insights and teachings have helped me to understand and 
nurture the wounded, traumatized man inside of me, and i am forever 
thankful for the positive impact you have had on my life. 
without your wisdom and guidance, this book would not have been 
possible. you have truly saved my life and i just couldn’t do it without 
you. 
thank you for all that you have done for me. i am deeply grateful to 
have you in my life. 
with love and appreciation. 
to all of those who contributed to the creation of this book, 
i am deeply grateful for how you have supported and impacted me 
over the years. your presence in my life, whether through a single 
encounter or a longer-lasting relationship, has been a constant source 
of support and education. 
i am thankful for the opportunity to have made an impact in your lives vii 
 
as well, and i pray that my contributions have been as meaningful to you 
as yours have been to me. 
i appreciate each one of you for your support and for the positive 
influence you have had on my life. thank you for your unwavering 
belief in me and for always being there for me. your contributions to the 
creation of this book are deeply appreciated and will not be forgotten.  viii 
 
table of contents 
acknowledgment ........................................................................................................... 1 
chapter 1: lilies grow ................................................................................................. 2 
chapter 2: creation of a water lily ......................................................................... 9 
chapter 3: the lily rises to the surface...............................................................40 
chapter 4: if   she blossoms, all hell will break loose ................................47 
ch a pt er 5: the water lily begins to blossom ......................................................57 
chapter 6: the lily speaks and whispers the truth ........................................68 
chapter 7: the dragon wakes up from a very long sleep ...................... 100 
chapter 8: it seems we are at a crossroad ..................................................... 111 
chapter 9: the lily chooses   full bloom ....................................................... 129 
chapter 10: the lily blooms and sees blood ................................................. 155 
chapter 11: new beginnings are not always so sweet.............................. 165 
chapter 12: anxiety attack .................................................................................... 186 
 
 1 
acknowledgment  
draisha ebony holmes amanda saludares 
amber ramirez-hoffman angela and james kaatz
brittany hopkins christina baca 
clinton eugene ward christina hernandez
christine tangishaka chris and jovita daughtery 
cheryl windom donovan davis
elizabeth jennings evangeline washington -
turnerjillian fortin and chris burtnett jimisu and doug balko 
johnny and misty bakane   johnny reyes
kassey banks    lenita cornett luther 
johnson & althea rene   melissa medina
matthew jasso mai hoang 
melba davis nenegabz
nonato gaabucayan pamela blount
pamela ann richard t. woods 
ruthie oberg v renee fletcher
dr. rosenna bakari shara hatcher-galindo
shauna despins and tim budd omar bashir 
vanessa johnston violesia tull
will smith realm zaira ramirez wolff 
johdr. esmeralda q. ramirez- peña 
larhonda rainbowtrader howard
shara hatcher-galindo ruthie oberg 
tara bush & david m jones   triant-efstathia triant 
2  
o 
 
 
 
 
 
chapter 1 : lilies grow  
 
 
 
 
kami gazed down at the pond, out of her two-story tokyo home 
window. it was a well-decorated but small backyard. as she put 
on her earrings, she watched the goldfish swim around 
under the floating water lilies. okami enjoyed looking down from her 
window at the clear, cool water. sometimes she would sit for hours staring 
into the pool of unlimited imagination. how free everything appeared; she 
longed not to be so bound by duty, honor, and responsibility. her 
thoughts were interrupted when she heard her name being called. it was 
3  
astuko. it was saturday, and they would go to the mall every day around 
this time, drink boba, and look at boys. 
“okami,” astuko whined, “you’re not ready yet?” she continued 
“come on, the boys will be there. haruo got a new car, and you know we 
can’t be the last to see that.” 
“so what!” okami spat. “it’s just a car. why do you even care, 
astuko?” okami took off her skirt and went back to her closet to pick out 
another. 
“oh, please,” astuko said, then looked at okami rolling her eyes. “you 
want to be there just as much as i do. everyone knows you have the biggest 
crush on haruo. his father is one of the most powerful men in tokyo.” 
“okay, so?” okami replied. 
“sooo!” astuko said in her high, giggly voice, “you are the only one 
that knows him better than the rest of us, which means you have a better 
chance of getting it from him.” 
"it!? what do you mean by ‘it’?” okami frowned and covered her 
mouth as she and astuko giggled together. okami was not sure what 
everyone meant by “it,” but she knew that whatever “it” was, haruo had 
the biggest chance of getting “it.” okami put on her skirt and shoes, fixed 
her hair, and raced downstairs with astuko. okami’s parents were sitting 
on the kitchen floor and stopped the girls. 
“where are you going in such a hurry?” her mother asked as she sat 
down her cup of tea in front of okami’s father. 4  
“we are going to the mall, mother. it’s saturday!” okami squeaked 
out, trying to hold back her excitement through the smile on her face. 
her father looked at her with his emotionless face and said, “well, be 
careful and be home at a decent time tonight.” 
astuko whispered s o m e t h in g in okami’s ear, and then okami 
said, “well, i thought i would stay at astuko's home tonight, with your 
permission, father.” her father grunted, looked at her, and smiled. he 
seldom smiled, but she could always bring that out in him. 
“ok, make sure that you are safe, okami.” he looked at her mother, 
pulled out his phone, and began to write on it. okami’s mother smiled back 
as okami and astuko quickly yet silently made their way to the door, 
put on their shoes, and darted down the street, laughing and giggling 
until they were out of sight. 
“you know, you spoil her way too much,” okami’s mother said as she 
sat down next to her husband and poured herself another cup of tea. mr. 
kazuhiro tokugawa looked at his wife and gently smiled. 
“that may be true, my love, but she is a good child. she has never 
caused us any need for alarm or worry.” 
mrs. tokugawa sat up, adjusted her pillow, and said, “yes, you are 
right. it’s not our daughter that bothers me. it’s that astuko i worry 
about.” 
“oh, ayako, she is our daughter. okami will be fine. she is as stubborn 
as a water buffalo and equally strong. be more concerned with her getting 5  
astuko into trouble than the other way around.” he touched his wife’s 
face and remembered all the years back. she was still as beautiful as she was 
many years ago when he met her. she must have loved him too, just as 
much back then to give up everything and move to tokyo to live with 
him. 
she touched his hand, and with closed eyes, she said, “always 
remember, husband, she is not like the other girls.” 
he pulled his hand away from her face and asked, “why must you 
always remind me of that? she is good, she is kind, and her soul is pure. she 
can win anyone over, regardless of where she comes from or her 
bloodline.” 
ayako looked at her husband with loving eyes. “your heart is too 
open, my husband. you always want to see the good in things, even though 
you are surrounded by evil.” 
“what else can i do, ayako? i know our daughter is of mixed blood. 
so are you, and look where you are and what you have.” 
“yes,” ayako replied, “but getting here was hard. i was teased and hurt. 
i learned how to fight at ten because the other kids would attack me. i 
didn’t live in japan, and that happened. what do you think your daughter 
goes through?” 
he knew she was right; he also knew that things were changing. this 
was becoming a different japan, whether the people liked it. tradition 
would change and, just as it always had been in the past, japan would be 6  
dragged kicking and screaming into the new era and then suddenly, 
overnight adapt. he knew what they called his daughter behind his back, 
and he would never be promoted or given any office above what he already 
had because of who his wife was. he looked at her and said, “i know all of 
these things, but it is time that some things change, and if it must start with 
me, then it shall.” he looked at ayako and said, “you are still as beautiful 
today as you were when i first saw you.” he pulled her close to him and 
wrapped his arms around her waist. she smiled, put her hand behind his 
head, and straddled him, looking into his eyes. 
“you mean when i was a teacher’s aide, and you were the cocky boy 
from japan.” she shook her head. then she said, “god, i hated you.” 
kazuhiro laughed. “i know, but i still had to have you.” 
“yeah, and you worked on it, didn’t you?” she kissed him gently on 
his neck. 
“i never had to try so hard to get someone to like me as i did with you,” 
he replied, as he slid his hands down her waist and rested them on her still 
firm and shapely ass. 
“but i’m sure it was worth the wait,” she said as she slid her hands 
down his chest and reached into his pants. he wrapped his arms around 
her waist and stood straight up from the sitting position, still holding her 
in his arms. she always loved when he did that. he was always so firm and 
unmovable. well, to everyone else, but not to her. she grinned and 
kissed him deeply as they walked past the bedroom and into her husband’s 7  
study. he slid the door closed behind them. 
as the two girls ran down the street around the corner, astuko said to 
okami, “your father scares me, but he is not as scary as my father.” 
“yes, he is firm, but he means well. it’s my mother you need to be 
afraid of. she knows everything there is to know about and acts like she 
does not know. my father is even afraid of my mom, although he tries to 
act like he is not. oh, wait!” okami said in a half-lost voice from running. 
“slow down, astuko!” okami stopped in front of the store window and 
looked inside. the most beautiful kimono she had ever laid eyes on was in 
the far corner of the display casing. the color, the shape, and the style were 
so her. she knew it. every time she passed by, she would stop and look at 
that one over and over again. 
“oh, come on, let’s go!” astuko said. “you look at that every time we 
come this way. i don’t see why you don’t just ask your dad to buy it for 
you. he has the money, and there is nothing that he won’t buy if you ask.” 
“i know,” okami sighed,” but i want to buy this one myself.” 
astuko shook her head and said, “i’ll never understand you. you have 
a lifestyle that most girls only dream of. but instead of living it up, you 
want to make your own money and buy your own clothes. why?” 
okami looked at her good friend and said, “i don’t know why. i just 
feel it’s something i need to do on my own. it feels good when i do. i don’t 
care how i get my things.” 
with a hand on her waist, astuko said, “just as long as someone else is 8  
buying it for me.” 
okami poked her and said, “and they always do — you are so bad.” 
then she pushed her on her shoulder, knocking her off balance, and took 
off running. “hurry up,” she said. “we are going to be late for the train.” 
okami could drive or be driven just about anywhere she wanted to go. 
but her mother insisted that she learn other ways to get around town. “you 
never know when you will need to be resourceful,” her mother would say. 
“enjoy your independence while you can. it won’t be long before you have 
no choices.” okami thought her mother was great and loved to hear her 
stories of her homeland, and the advice she gave was never wrong. just 
sometimes okami wished her mother didn’t always have to be so pushy. 
“you’re going to be a woman soon,” her mother would say. “always 
remember that.” out of all the mothers in tokyo, okami had to get the 
one that refused to completely be a japanese woman. 
they finally made it to the train station, where astuko used her phone 
to purchase the tickets only moments before the train arrived. they 
hopped on board, and as the door closed, astuko yelled out, “we are 
freeeee! it’s party time!!” 
   
h 
 
 
 
chapter 2 : creation of a 
water lily  
 
 
 
 
aruo hit 75 km/hr. as he drifted around the corner of the 
tokyo mountain road in his new lexus ls lc. this car held 
on to the road as if it were glued. but, for 4 million yen, 
it should. he pushed a button on the steering wheel and changed the song 
in his car playing from his phone. he couldn’t even remember the name 
of the girl with him, but he didn’t care — and she probably didn’t either. 
it was cool to keep her around. she came when he wanted her and let him 
do what he wanted. not to mention, she was better looking than most 
 
women auditioning for the position. and when he got bored, there were 
always others. he looked over at her and smiled. she blushed and smiled 
back. he touched her face, and she melted into his hand. maybe next 
week, i’ll go for a brunette with highlights. he looked at the nameless 
girl and said, “you wanna feel something?” she looked at him and smiled. 
god, he said to himself, what the fuck is it with women and not speaking? 
he said, “hold on.” then he increased his speed and drifted around 
the corner of the road, coming very close to the edge of the mountain on 
the passenger side of his car. she looked out her window. all she could see 
were the town lights below — no road, just lights, and the sky. she 
tensed. fear and adrenaline rushed through her body, and at that moment, 
haruo slipped his hand between her legs and stuck his fingers inside her 
as he gracefully gilded around the turn and kept drifting around the next 
turn. her hips pushed into his hand. her hands grabbed his wrist, and 
she moaned subtly. he looked over at her with her head leaned back, 
eyes closed, sucking on her lip. he smiled and thought, god, it’s so easy being 
me. he slowly pulled his hand away from her and, while still driving gently 
stuck his fingers in her mouth. then pulled them out, smelled the 
tips, and without taking his eyes off the road, breathed in deeply and 
said to her with a grin, “and that’s why i keep you around.” the stupid 
bitch giggled as if he were complimenting her. oh well, it keeps them around, 
and the gifts they get, i get for free anyway, he thought. he stepped on the 
accelerator and went from 75 to 200 km/hr in seconds. he yelled out, “god, 
i love this car!” 
tamotsu followed the car of his boss’s son and thought of all the  
things he could have done to deserve this. sure, the money was good, and 
he could fund his gambling habit — not to mention all the women he 
could have, and he loved the company of women. but this kid was reckless. 
tamotsu was a warrior who always saw himself dying in battle or combat 
with someone worthy. but this kid was gonna get him killed on a fucking 
mountain or a club or a surfboard or a mountain top snowboarding. all 
the things that he hated with a passion. however, his honor kept him from 
saying no, and the hope that one day he would stand next to the big boss 
himself, ready to give his life. if i just keep doing this, i’ll be noticed, tamotsu 
thought. then he grinned and thought, well, worst case, i’ll be the man next to 
the brat when he becomes next in line. 
it’s not that tamotsu didn’t like haruo: he was a skilled diplomat, 
great with money, and his fighting skills were of envy for all who lost to 
him or would lose. it was just something about the kid that he couldn’t 
put his finger on, making him very uncomfortable around him. there 
was this dark side to him that only tamotsu could see. he saw it in his 
father, and his cousin, and he knew for a fact that he had it in himself as 
well. no, not the darkness that made him uncomfortable, but the reckless 
nature of that darkness, as if haruo could not tell the difference between 
it and himself like the two were one. that not knowing bothered 
tamotsu, for he knew if he didn’t learn soon, haruo would kill many 
before he found himself. nonetheless, this was his burden, his fate, and he 
wished it would be over soon. 
haruo pulled up with his entourage of three other cars right behind 
him. they boxed him in a three-car diamond and, as if rehearsed, opened  
their doors simultaneously, and got out. black suits and sunglasses, 
regardless of the time of day. they walked up to the club, passed the line, 
and walked straight in. 
“look, look!” astuko said. “there is haruo!” okami watched as he 
pulled up. she had to admit the car was nice, and haruo had such a style 
about him. he was always calm, and cool, never raised his voice, and never 
was at a loss for words — when he spoke, that is. “come on!” astuko said, 
pulling okami down the sidewalk. “we need to get inside.” astuko walked 
up to the velvet rope and just looked at the doorman. he smiled and let 
the two girls in. once inside the club, okami could feel her chest pounding 
from the steady boom, boom, boom of the bass. the lights were flashing, 
and the place was crowded. she watched the bartender juggle his bottles 
of liquor and sake, silhouette flashing blue, green, and yellow lights 
shooting through the remaining bottles of different shapes and sizes. 
astuko raised her hands and jumped on the dance floor pulling okami 
with her. she looked over and saw haruo’stable as astuko grabbed okami's 
hand and pushed their way through the throngs of people who were 
dancing. they bypassed the bouncers and bodyguards and approached 
a group of people where haruo was sitting. the guys in the group were 
seated on chairs with drinks in hand, and each had a girl on their lap. 
when haruo saw okami, he slid the girl on his lap off and smiled. astuko 
walked over to him and said, "hey, haruo," while twirling her hair with 
one hand and pulling okami along with the other. 
he looked at okami, and smiled without taking his eyes off her, he 
said, “hey astuko.” even though they were young, neither one of them  
was built like a little girl. he looked at okami and motioned for her to sit 
down. he moved the nameless girl over. she obviously didn’t like that, 
but, hell,  he didn’t care. “what are you doing here?” he said with a grin, as 
he crossed his legs, taking a drink of dark-colored liquid from his shot glass. 
okami giggled and said, “this was astuko's idea. you know me. i 
would have been happy at the mall, drinking a boba.” 
“does your dad know you are out here?” he asked playfully, shaking 
his head in fake disapproval. 
“no,” okami said, “and you’re not going to tell him, either,” as she 
pushed him lightly on his chest. her hands touched his firm body, and she 
paused for just a second. she took a deep breath and quickly withdrew. 
haruo smiled and chuckled. 
“no, he won’t find out from me. you are grown. not only that, he 
wouldn’t understand anyway.” 
“exactly,” okami said. then she reached over and took his glass. 
“whatcha drinking?” she asked as she put her nose close and inhaled the 
sweet aroma of the undisclosed drink. 
he let the glass go and said, “have a sip.” she took a small sip and 
coughed. haruo laughed and moved to take the drink from her hand, but 
he was stopped by okami pulling back, shaking her head, and putting one 
hand over the top of the glass. 
“this is nothing,” she said. 
“oh, really?”  
then looking dead into his eyes, she turned up the cup and swallowed  
the entire contents, clearing her throat and then slamming the glass down 
on the table. “see? nothing,” she said. he looked at her with a face of 
approval, then whispered something in her ear. she leaned back on the 
couch, laughing. astuko was sitting on the lap of her friend looking over 
at okami. she toasted her with a shot glass of something blue, then turned 
it up and drank. 
haruo turned his attention from his friends and asked, “have you seen 
my car?” 
she looked at him and said, “yeah, so it’s just a car,” trying hard to hide 
her grin. but it was too late — he saw it. 
“really?” haruo replied as he leaned back and put his arms up on the 
couch. then he leaned in and said, “come on, i have an idea.” he 
grabbed her hand and began to lead her around the table, putting his arm 
around her waist and walking her out of the vip. she turned to look at 
astuko, who was having the time of her life while a head was buried in the 
crest of her neck. 
she looked over at okami and waved, mouthing the words “good 
luck.” 
okami replied with a silent “i know” as she showed astuko crossed 
fingers. okami had no plans on doing anything but, face it, haruo hadn’t 
shown her this much attention in quite some time. they always spoke, but 
it was like he viewed her as a little sister more than anything. but today it 
was different; she felt as if she earned his respect and it felt good to be 
singled out from all the other women he was with and get his undivided  
attention — not to mention how fine he was. he guided her down the 
stairs. and out of the club with such grace, she couldn’t remember if they 
bumped into anyone or not. 
he opened up the door and said to her, “you’re driving.” 
she looked at him and said, “what?!” this is a lexus ls lc hybrid 
rear-wheel drive. it’s not even out yet cause it’s a concept. how did you 
get this?” not wasting any time for a response, she climbed in and he 
closed the door behind her. 
he climbed into the passenger side and said, “let’s go!” the car 
rumbled to life. okami could hardly contain her excitement. it’s not like 
she had never driven before. actually, that was one of her father’s 
requirements once she turned 14. he sent her to school to not just learn 
how to drive, but also to do everything else with a car: 180s, j-turns, you 
name it, she did it and had fun. so when haruo put her behind the wheel 
of his car, she was ready. as she pulled up she noticed that only one car 
was with them. 
“so did everyone else stay behind?” she asked. 
“yeah, we won’t be gone long,” he said. “now show me what you got.” 
okami shifted into first and peeled off. haruo said, “ok, show off.” she 
drove around the city gripping the steering wheel firmly in her hands. 
haruo looked at her and said, “turn here.” she pulled into the driveway 
of a beautiful modern-day tokyo home and stopped. 
“where are we?” okami asked.  
“one of my homes,” he replied. “i come here when i want to escape.” 
he opened the car door and said, “you coming?” 
okami was hesitant but said, “sure, why not?” she opened her door 
and followed him up the sidewalk. haruo pulled out his phone, pushed a 
few buttons, and the car turned off. as the two of them walked up to the 
door of his home, it automatically unlocked, and the lights came to life. it 
was a beautiful home — very well decorated and comfortable. they took 
off their shoes and walked into the main room. 
he said, “i don’t take many people here, but i wanted to show you a 
place i see as special.” they sat and talked. okami knew she should feel 
uncomfortable. but something about haruo made her feel at home and 
relaxed. he looked at her and spoke to her as if he knew everything about 
her without having to hear it. she felt so many years older in his presence. 
“well, let me get you back to your friends,” he said as he stood up from the 
couch. she caught herself pouting; she didn’t want the time to be over. 
yeah, astuko would wonder — but god, what a story it would be. she 
wanted to drag out as much time with him as she could. 
she said, “i don’t want to go just yet,” but stood up anyway. when 
she made it to her feet, haruo was standing next to her. it was so nice to 
have a man beside her that she was not taller than. he took her in his arms, 
then leaned down to kiss her. she was nervous and was not sure 
what to do, but she wanted it too. her lips touched his, and every nerve in 
her body felt as if it had awakened. she had never been kissed before. 
one time in school, a boy kissed her on the cheek, but he ran away and  
never talked to her again. others were interested in her too, but half were 
too afraid of her father, and the other half were just too stupid to 
qualify. 
she closed her eyes and felt his arms around her waist, pressing her 
closer to him. the feeling was indescribable as if being lifted by a cloud. 
her hair stood on the end and her stomach felt warm. wait, it was not her 
stomach. it was lower than that, much lower. she had never felt that 
before; it was odd. she pulled away in embarrassment and giggled, 
covering her mouth with her hand. 
“what are you doing?” she said with a smile, her hands still covering 
her mouth. 
he looked at her through patient eyes and said, “come here. i want to 
show you something.” he walked her through the house and into another 
room. the floors were bamboo, there was a fountain in the corner, and 
you could hear the water falling over the rocks. pictures of japanese art and 
writing decorated the wall. there was a bed in the middle of the room that 
had to be the size of two king-size mattresses. it was leaguer black and 
covered with differently shaped pillows. the headboard was sturdy, well-
decorated hardwood, but it didn’t look japanese. probably imported, she 
thought. on the left-hand side of the room, the entire wall was glass with 
a view of the city. 
okami ran over to the railing that streamlined the glass wall and looked 
out. she jumped up and down with glee, clapping her hands at the beauty 
of it all. haruo leaned up against the door frame and watched her. she  
turned and looked at him and motioned for him to come near. then she 
said to him, “this is wonderful.” she was unsure how all of this went, but 
she leaned in and kissed him on his cheek. he held her again, looking into 
her eyes, then caressed the side of her face with the back of his fingertips. 
haruo could no longer hold himself back. to be so young and have a body 
that is firm and full. he watched as each breath made her chest rise and 
fall. her lips were like he had never seen before. her long hair had a slight 
curl to them and was so soft and full. he touched her hair with his friends. if 
it weren't for that one thing, she was the perfect sight.  
haruo could not contain himself any longer. to be so young and to 
have a firm and full body. her lips were like he had never seen before. 
so full and soft, her hair was long with a slight curl to it. he ran his 
fingers through her hair. she was the sight of perfection if it were not 
for that one thing. she was the daughter of a gaijin, an outsider, an 
alien. japan was becoming more and more accepting of these creatures, 
but no matter how the rest of the world felt, he would always see them as 
a freak of nature. he was pure japanese, and throughout his bloodline, 
there was greatness. and to think that soon people like her would walk 
around japan and no one would notice anymore sickened him. 
however, she was still something incredible to look at and judging by 
how she was acting, he had gone further than any man she knew in her 
life. he kissed her again deeply, slid his hands down her waist, and rested 
them on her rear. his hands rested there. all the women he had been 
with had similar butts; however, this was incredible, he thought. firm and 
high. it would take some time, but he knew he could manage. then he got  
angry with himself. he could not believe he was even having these 
thoughts. she was an abomination, and he would put her in her place. 
okami felt haruo’shands and placed her hands on his chest. she smiled 
and said, “no, someone is going to see.” 
“he knew it would take some time to adjust, yet he was sure he could 
do it. when that failed, he became frustrated with himself. he was shocked 
to even be thinking  such things. he was going to show her  who was boss 
since she was an outrage. okami reached out to touch haruo, feeling his 
hands before resting them on his chest. with a bright grin on her face, she 
replied, "no, someone is going to see." 
haruo pulled out his phone and said, “hold on.” he pushed a few 
buttons, and the once clear glass slowly became filled with gray and black 
smoke. small amber lights along the window sill illuminated the now 
almost-dark room. she was impressed. it was as if she was in a fairy tale, 
and she had her prince charming. he leaned in to kiss her again, and this 
time she let him. he picked her up and carried her to the bed. as he laid 
her down, she placed her hands on his chest and could feel his heart 
beating. he moved from her lips to her neck and down her chest. it felt 
good, but she was unsure if she wanted this to go all the way. she liked 
haruo but the thought of having sex with him did not feel right. and 
okami was not the kind to do things half-heartedly. she knew that haruo 
could not make her do anything she wasn’t truly sure of. she knew that 
she was not ready yet. 
she took his hand and told him, “i’m not ready, not yet.”  
he smiled down at her. god, she loved his smile — so warm and 
understanding. “ok,” he said. “let’s get you back.” 
okami said, “no, i don’t want to return just yet. can you hold me?” 
haruo looked at her and gently placed his arms around her, spooning 
her body with his. he thought to himself, to be so young, she is quite 
demanding. it’s a s  if she has done this before. she is playing games with me, the little whore.  
he whispered in her ear and said, “let’s play a game.” okami 
giggled and said, “ok.” 
he said, “put your hands behind your back and tell me what i’m doing 
with them.” he kissed her on her neck, and okami complied. she thought 
to herself, boys are so silly. he will probably try to put his…oh wait, what’s this? 
he bent her arms at the elbows and cradled her palms. she laughed and 
said, “what are you doing?” but before she could get any more words out, 
she felt his hands go from gentle and caressing to firm and aggressive. his 
hand wrapped around her forearm, making it almost impossible for 
her to move her arms. then she felt the soft heaviness of something 
rope-like. she looked back at him and saw the black nylon rope in his 
teeth. she tried to turn over, but he flipped her onto her stomach and, 
with cat-like reflexes, pinned her down with his knee in the small of 
her back, the rest of his weight on her body rendering her unable to 
kick. okami let out a scream but was quickly silenced by her face being 
pushed into the pillows of the bed. 
“shhhh,” haruo said calmly. “don’t fight it. i am going to play with 
your body tonight and i bet that you will love it, just don’t make me force  
you into it.” he secured her arms firmly behind her and then turned her 
over. 
okami yelled at him and screamed out, “what are you trying to do? i 
told you i am not ready yet!?” 
he stood over her and calmly said, “i’m going to teach you a lesson. 
a l e s s o n s o m e o n e s h o u l d  h a v e  t a u g h t  y o u r  m o m  t o o.  i’m 
going to show you where your place should be.” his face was no longer kind. 
he was no longer the haruo that could make okami skip a heartbeat. 
his body posture was no longer fluid and inviting. he now looked like 
a hungry, angry beast. 
okami refused to accept that her situation was hopeless. she  
wanted  to keep  tryi ng  for  a way out.  she said, “haruo, you better 
let me go. my father will find out and he is gonna kill you for this.” okami 
knew that haruo loved and respected her father enough to not do this to 
her. she was wrong perhaps. haruo rushed to her and grabbed her face, 
holding it in his hands and squeezing her jaws so tight with his fingers that 
her mouth opened. 
“your father…,” he now raised his voice. “your father used to be a 
great man before he met your half-mixed gaijin mother. he could 
have been anything, but instead, he chose to marry that bitch. then you 
come along, walking around, thinking you run everything. it makes me 
sick that i have to even have you, and your bitch of a mother visit us in 
my father’s home. your father can’t do anything to me. he is bound by 
honor, and the code of the clan, and he works for my father. i can do  
anything to you, and the worst that would happen is i get a slap on the 
wrist. you are nothing, okami. your mother is nothing, and since 
your father met her, he is nothing. so consider what i am doing to you 
a favor. you could never be in bed with a good man if it wasn’t for me.” 
okami looked at him in disbelief, her eyes going from pleading to 
determined. ever since she was old enough to realize who and what she 
was, she had always gotten called names and was treated by people — 
especially the older ones — as if she were an outsider. because of that, she 
never really considered herself to be beautiful — and now this. at that 
moment, something inside of her clicked. she heard her mother’s voice, 
you can overcome anything. she saw her mother’s  loving face looking down at 
her. it’s all about how you react to a situation that will determine your outcome, my child. 
no matter what happened now, she decided to live through this. she knew she 
was going to get out of this: no matter what it took or how long the process would 
be, he was going to pay. the night 
would pass and once she is back home, she will make her father avenge every 
ounce of pain that she is to go through. he released his grip, and she spat in 
his face. it startled him, and he sat back. she took that moment bending her 
knees to her chest she aimed her head at his face. she could feel her back 
muscles tense her stomach tighten and her legs ready to accept any order 
she gave. 
 
she exploded, sending her head straight into his throat, knocking 
the wind out of him, and sending haruo back at least 10 feet. she rolled 
over onto her feet and began to run to the front door, all the while looking  
to rub up against something hard along the way to loosen those damn ropes. 
they were so tight, and her arms being in the position that they were in kept 
her from keeping herself balanced. she fell, hitting her left shoulder against 
the wall, and knocking her head on the bookshelf. she quickly wiggled 
herself back to her feet, without wasting a second. she could feel no pain; 
pure adrenaline rushed through her body and all she was thinking was, i’ve 
got to get the fuck out of here  and i will. 
she crashed through the sliding paper door and headed toward 
the front exit. she screamed out and tried to kick the door open but it 
would not budge. then she heard a voice behind her saying, “where 
are you going, whore?” 
she turned to see haruo with more rope in his hand bounding over 
the couch and coming straight at her. she didn’t kick him hard enough. 
he lunged at her. okami took a deep breath, ducking and rolling under 
his grasp. haruo hit the door with a thud. okami ran toward the 
kitchen, refusing  to give up,  but haruo was right behind her. she 
stopped and ducked, and once again he missed, slamming into the 
refrigerator. 
okami began to run in the opposite direction. she didn’t know 
where to go or how to even get out. she threw herself against one of 
the glass windows with all of her might but bounced off, causing no 
damage to the window but it stunned her. 
shake it off, okami, she said to herself. if she could just keep away from 
him long enough, she knew a way out was possible. there is a way out right 
here, i just need to look harder. she got back to her feet to try something  
else; anything else. she ran for another window. haruo laughed and said, 
“ok, playtime is over,” then he picked up a wooden bust statue and 
lobbed it at her, hitting her in the back of the head. okami went down, 
crashing into the wooden coffee table. haruo was on her lightning- fast 
and didn’t waste time. he tied her feet together, her knees together, 
and with the remaining rope put two loops around her neck. even 
though she was dazed, she still kept struggling. however, this time no 
matter how she moved, the ropes around her neck got tighter. 
don’t cry, she said to herself. don’t let him see your pain. 
he reached down and grabbed her by the arms, causing great pain. he 
proceeded to drag her back to the bedroom, and all she could say to him 
was “you will regret this?” over and over again. he just looked at her and 
said nothing. the ropes around her neck seemed to be getting tighter 
and tighter and okami could barely stay focused. he turned her over onto 
her left side and began removing her clothes. he was so calm. she looked 
into his eyes to see if she could beg, plead for mercy — something, anything 
— but he gave no sign or indication that he was even there. it was as if his 
soul was empty. that’s when okami decided that she won’t beg, not to 
him. 
there was no way he was going to take her. what she did next shocked 
her, and surprised haruo. okami held her breath, and with all her might 
straightened her body. the ropes around her neck got tighter. she relaxed, 
exhaled, and took in another breath, which was harder this time, and 
straightened her body once more. as she did so, she exhaled one last time 
and found it impossible to breathe in again. she strained against the ropes  
with all of her might. if she could just get the ropes tight enough, maybe 
she could snap her neck. everything became silent. the room dimmed 
and slowly became black. 
the last thing she heard before all reality left her was haruo saying, 
“wow, i’m impressed, but unfortunately it won’t be that easy.” one 
thousand thoughts raced through her head in that instant. it was more 
than she could bear, and as the last bit of light escaped from her eyes, she 
felt her bladder fail and release its contents all over her and onto the floor, 
then nothing but blackness. 
okami was awakened by a warm cloth wiping her face. as she slowly 
opened her eyes, she felt what she went through was just a dream: it had 
to be. her vision cleared, her senses came back to her, and she felt the pain 
in her neck. her throat was sore. she closed her eyes and opened them up 
again. oh god, she thought. i’m still here. it wasn’t a dream. 
she tried to scream, but her cries were muffled by a gag in her mouth. 
saliva filled her throat and she began to cough uncontrollably with no 
relief. her tongue was pushed to the back of her throat, and it took all of 
her effort to swallow. she struggled to take a breath. just one breath was 
all she needed, but she was unable to sit up enough to relieve herself. she 
tried to take the intruding object out of her mouth, but could not move 
her arms. she looked to her left and right and noticed that her wrists were 
tied. her arms were spread as far as they could go. she was firmly secured 
to the bed. all she could do was rock her body up and down. she felt 
herself choking. haruo knelt beside her on the bed, and released the  
tension of the ball gag just enough to allow her to swallow, then tightened 
it back up again. “yeah,” he said, in a still calm voice. “you might not 
want to do that. screaming makes it hard to breathe.  
i took the liberty of removing your clothes. i folded them and 
placed them over there on the nightstand.” he touched her face and she 
turned her head. he chuckled and bent down to kiss her anyway. “god,” 
he said, looking up, and down at her body. “you really are something 
else.” he grabbed her left breast in his hand and began to roll her nipple 
between his fingers. she struggled against the ropes around her wrist, and 
then tried to kick him, and found herself unable to move her legs. she 
looked down and saw her legs tied in a symphony of knots, and loops 
binding her ankles to her thighs, the ropes braiding themselves in a 
criss-cross fashion, twice around her ankle then crossing over her thigh, 
and then back down again going once around her calf, then crossing once 
again over her thigh, and stopping at her knees. 
her leg was tied so tightly that she could feel the sole of her foot against 
her butt. she was bound the same way on both legs. with her arms spread 
out, and both legs securely tied, she sat there kneeling, completely exposed. 
she struggled again to no avail only to look like a kicking amputee at the 
knees. 
“shhh,” he said. “just relax.” he adjusted himself, sitting directly in 
front of her. placing his knees between hers, his white silk pajamas caressed 
her skin. she squeezed her eyes shut. he wrapped his arms around her 
back and slowly kissed her neck. okami turned her head in disgust as she 
felt his soft lips and warm wet tongue touch, kiss, and caress the skin of her  
neck. he slowly kissed down, and with one hand on her breast, he put 
his mouth on the other. his tongue darted in and out, sometimes 
sucking on her nipple and other times gently biting it. she could feel 
her nipple getting hard, and haruo moaned with approval. he switched 
to the right breast while playing with the left nipple in between his 
fingers. his tongue explored her body as if drawing a road map. he was 
firm but gentle as his hands caressed her back. she could feel his soft 
manicured fingertips on her skin and his silk sleeves rubbing against 
her body. he gently bit her shoulders and up her arms, and then worked 
himself back down to her breast. she tried to fight it, but it got harder 
and harder with every pass he took. 
he kissed her from her chest to her belly button, then lay down on 
his stomach, and looked into the gaping space between her legs. he 
wrapped his arms around her waist, resting his hands on the crest of her 
ass. okami looked down at him and watched him kiss her thighs slowly, 
his lips sucking on her skin. she screamed and wiggled her body, trying 
to shake him off. he just looked up at her and smiled. she tossed her head 
back and rolled her eyes. she was getting angry at herself. she kept trying 
to fight what she was about to feel, but it was getting harder and harder. 
her body was not cooperating. 
haruo continued to kiss her. she could feel his breath against her leg, 
and it began to arouse her. he slid his tongue, and lips slowly down her leg 
then opened his mouth and kissed her pussy. okami gasped. chills 
climbed up her spine, and she was no longer able to contain herself. she let 
out a moan of pleasure and instantly tried to stifle it. she realized it was too  
late: he heard her, and that was all he needed to keep going. he spread the 
lips of her flower open and began to tongue her clit. he was so soft and 
gentle. she could feel his hands rubbing her flesh. his fingers glided over 
her skin due to the wetness she was creating. his wet warm tongue teased 
her, darting in and out, occasionally going lower, then pulling back. she 
was no longer in control of her body. she could feel her hips moving. her 
breathing became shallow and rapid. she tried to fight it but found herself 
powerless. the feeling of his face between her legs, his hands wrapped 
around her waist, and the soft smooth feel of his silk top brought her 
pleasure. her hands grabbed at the ropes, but not an escape. she didn’t 
know what else to do with them. it felt incredible, and she hated herself 
for enjoying what he was doing to her. 
the moans became stronger and deeper as she moved her hips faster 
against his face. his grip around her waist became tighter, and his face 
pressed deeper. her whole body tingled faster. she moved harder. he 
pressed. she couldn’t hold back any longer. something was happening, 
and she didn’t understand what it was, but it started from the tip of her 
feet and the top of her head all at the same time and worked itself toward 
the middle of her body. her nipples were aroused; her legs tensed and 
closed, gripping his head tightly. she didn’t want him to stop. her body 
tensed and what happened next was indescribable. 
she let out a squeal as all the tension built up between her legs exploded 
outward, onto the bed, and into haruo’s mouth. she gasped for air 
breathing heavily through her nose. she was sweating, and her body began 
to shake uncontrollably as he continued to lick and tease her. he wouldn’t  
stop and kept going. she could feel it building again. this time it was so 
strong she strained against the ropes and yelled out as she exploded once 
again. she could feel herself leaking down her leg and onto her feet. 
haruo sat up and grinned at her. okami looked away, tears rolling 
down her eyes. he gently wiped them away. she felt like she couldn’t fight 
back anymore. he did to her what she didn’t want, but in the end, she 
enjoyed it. she had no more reasons to fight. she let him wipe her tears 
away. if this is all he wanted, maybe she could do this. her arms hurt from 
being tied. her legs were sore from the ropes pressing into her skin. she 
looked into haruo’s eyes and pressed her face against his finger. he smiled. 
without saying a word, he loosened the ropes at the base of the bed, and 
even though she was still attached to them, she was able to move her arms 
now. she rubbed her shoulders and her chest, then proceeded to take the 
gag out of her mouth. haruo quickly pulled on the ropes spreading her 
arms open again; however, this time it hurt, and it hurt a lot. fear gripped 
her heart once again. all she wanted to do was not make him angry. she 
felt if she tried hard enough, she could do something right, and he would 
show some mercy. she could then use it to her advantage. 
“no, no, no,” he whispered. “you only take off what i take off of 
you. nod your head if you understand.” okami slowly nodded, “yes.” he 
released the tension again, and her arms fell to the bed. he grabbed her by 
the ropes on her legs, and pulled her, laying her down. he then knelt 
between her legs, resting her knees on his thighs. he reached behind 
himself and pulled out a long cylinder object. he touched it to her breasts. 
the object was soft but firm, rubber-like, but smooth to the touch, and  
it vibrated. haruo traced it along her body, over her nipples, feeling her body 
react to his touch, unapologetically. she squeezed her eyes shut, trying to 
separate herself from her body, but it was useless to try anymore. she gave 
in; he won already. her body lost control. what sense did it make now 
to keep fighting — especially since her body was so accepting of his? 
she found herself wondering what he would do next, hoping she 
would find some pleasure in it before she tries another escape. that sense 
of pleasure was making it a little bearable. as he moved the plastic phallus 
down her body, he stopped above her pelvis and pressed the palm of his 
hand against the walls of her vagina. she felt the vibration through her 
stomach, her bladder, her kidneys, and finally her… oh god, she thought, 
not again. 
she breathed out slowly through her nose and relaxed. haruo bent 
down and gently played with her succulent left  breast. he marveled at 
how easy it was to get her to succumb to his will. it took longer than most, 
but she gave in to him, as they always do. he could see the submission 
in her eyes, and it excited him. he was now certain that she had never been 
touched like this before and he knew that she would never be touched 
like this again. he planned to burn his image so deeply inside her head that 
she wouldn’t be able to locate it. he wanted to make sure he dominated her 
even unto her dreams, and he knew he couldn’t do that through violence, 
at least not with this one. he felt her hips rise and fall as if she wanted him 
to continue. 
“that’s it, little one,” he said in a calm, still voice. “let yourself go.” he 
could feel the palm of his hand become moist and then wet while he laid  
it on her mound of hot flesh. he took the vibrator in his hand and rubbed 
it up and down as if he were drawing her lips. he looked at her and said, 
“if i am not wrong, this might hurt just a little, but it will get better.” he 
gently slid the vibrator inside of her, parting her pussy lips. it was warm 
and soft, spreading her insides open comfortably. she tried to tighten her 
muscles, trying to not let anything in; but, it slid in with such ease she 
forgot if she even tried. haruo could feel her resistance but still pushed it 
inside. he knew she wanted it. 
he started with slow shallow strokes, twisting his wrist as he continued 
playing with her pussy. he knew he had to time it just right, or he would 
ruin the moment for the both of them. while his  one hand was busy, 
he used the other to stimulate her. rubbing his thumb against her clitoris, 
then squeezing her breast, playing with her nipples, pulling on them, 
watching them erect, and twisting them as he pushed them away from her 
body. her body was so willing. her breasts were more than a handful, 
shapely and firm. he rocked her body just to see them ride back and forth 
over her chest. the way her breasts jiggled and hit her body, he knew 
he would never forget this one. he could tell she was fighting it. she was 
so strong, it took every ounce of patience haruo had to not lash out, and 
just force her into submission, but he knew what he had to do. it was the 
only way to keep her from ever wanting more than what he was willing to 
give. sweat beaded on her brow, and glistened off her stomach, then slowly 
slid down the canals of her athletic abdomen, collecting into a pool inside 
of her naval. that’s it, just a little more, he thought to himself. he 
pinched her nipples, and her back arched, pushing her breasts outwards.  
okami was finally disconnected from herself. she rose above the bed 
and looked down at her body. 
she tried to yell and say, stop moving, doesn’t show him you enjoy! but the 
girl beneath her was not listening. she was a robot, a shell of a person 
reduced to taking commands from her carnal nature. she watched herself 
reach out for his arm, her fingertips touching his strong, defined biceps. 
all she could do was float above herself and watch. then she noticed 
his grin and watched his hands grab around the back of her neck, anchoring 
her body to his. his other arm moved forward, pressing the vibrator 
deeper inside of her. 
haruo looked down at okami, and could not help but grin. “there it 
is: that is what i was looking for. just a little bit deeper and.…” 
okami was instantly sucked back into her body. she could now feel 
his hands holding her firmly, his tensed biceps pressed up against her face. 
but the pain was not allowing her to focus on anything else but her body stretching. 
she could feel her insides ripping apart. she grabbed his arms, and as he 
leaned forward, she buried her face deep between his chest and arm. she 
yelled, only to have her sounds muffled, and converted into grunts and 
squeals in his chest. the pain was intense, every nerve in her body cried. 
but she held on to the thought of getting out of there. all she could think 
of was getting home. 
she could not let haruo go: one hand gripped his arm while the other 
pulled on his silk top. she hated to have found comfort in that. and 
amid all that pain, her body betrayed her yet again, and she came once 
more, once again for him.  
haruo felt her flesh tear up. it was transferred through the plastic onto 
his fingers. he let her ropes go completely. she was now his, he need not 
worry. she gripped his arm, and he watched her hand grab his shirt. 
a mixture of blood and cum ran down his wrist, staining the sleeves of 
his silk white shirt. she was panting through her nose. he released the gag 
that had covered her mouth, and let it drop loosely around her neck. 
okami inhaled deeply as if she were trapped under a pool of water, and 
finally able to emerge. 
she felt grateful and understood that her only way out of this was 
through him. her hands were free; her mouth was no longer bound. she 
really wanted to stretch her legs but knew that any indication of that could 
throw her right back into where she was just a few seconds ago. this time, 
she didn’t want to be impatiens. she was planning her next most between 
all the chaos. 
seeing her like this excited haruo. his hard phallus bulged through his 
silk pajamas. he wasted no time and seized the moment, sliding down his 
bottoms, and pulling the top over his head. okami looked up at him. his 
body was magnificently built. she placed her hands on his chest and 
watched him as he slowly entered her body. he filled her insides and she 
gripped his back, digging her nails into his back. she tried to push him off 
but didn’t really want to pull a fight she knew she wasn’t going to win. her 
brain and body were having a consistent battle. she liked the way he felt 
inside of her and how he held her close. she suddenly felt safe.  
he was slowly but firmly pushing himself in and out of her. and just when she 
felt fine, he turned her over, and now she was on top. she was not sure  
if he noticed, but the ropes had wrapped themselves slightly around his 
neck. he gripped her waist, and began to lift her up and down on his 
now hard and penetrating cock. okami moaned and placed her hands 
on his chest while grabbing onto the two nylon ropes that crisscrossed his 
shoulder. she held on tight and then leaned back, but he followed only to 
cause slack in the ropes, making them fall to his shoulders.  
she had no other option. she could bite him; she could choke him; 
but what if she failed? who knew what he would do to her then? she just 
wrapped her arms around him, buried her face in his neck, and let the tears 
fall. she did not remember much after that. 
after a few grunts from him, she felt him smack her on the butt a few 
times, whatever that was about, all the while grabbing her waist, pushing 
her back, and forth over and over again faster and faster until he stood up 
with her still wrapped around him. he pushed her off plopping her down 
on her back. he pushed inside of her a few more times, and then pulled 
out, kneeling over her, releasing himself onto her chest and stomach. 
okami lay there motionless. haruo got up and left the room, and then 
returned holding a tray with a bowl and a few towels on it and what looked 
like a douche. she didn’t know what to think. her mind defied her. she 
looked around to see if there was a way. he walked back in with a set of towels. 
the towels were warm and soft, and he wiped himself and her sweat off 
of her. then he lifted her hips, placed the bowl under her, and squeezed 
the warm liquid from the douche inside of her. she was so sore, and the 
warm water came as a relief. he untied her legs. it took her a moment to 
feel them again. she rolled over to the edge of the bed and looked at the  
wall. 
how could she have let this happen? how could i have enjoyed it? she felt dirty 
and useless — what if she never tells anyone? she felt like a whore. she knew 
that if she told her daddy, he would ruin haruo’s life if not kill him. but what if she 
lets it all pass to save everyone the trouble? her thoughts were interrupted by 
haruo’s voice. 
“you can put your clothes on. i’ll take you home.” his voice was calm 
and she felt a sliver of comfort in it. she stood up. her legs were in pain, 
her stomach hurt, and her wrist was sore. she could barely close her legs. 
her pelvis throbbed, and she was unable to determine if it was pain or 
something else. all she knew is that she wanted to get out of there as fast 
as she could. all the anger, hate, frustration, and revenge were gone. 
she felt absolutely nothing. the only thing she had inside of her to fight 
was the urge to stay alive. she just wanted to be done with it all. she turned 
to look at haruo, who sat at the edge of the bed with his back to her. he 
slowly pulled out a cigarette and spoke over his shoulder and said, “don’t 
worry about getting pregnant. i made sure i wiped you down and cleaned 
you out. i wouldn’t want to make the same mistake your father did.” 
okami froze. i was nothing to him, she thought to herself. she had 
looked up to haruo and admired him for so many reasons. a little piece 
of her heart had wanted to be with him too, all these years, she did want 
to be with him. but at this moment, she could see who he really was. a 
monster she never wanted to see again. a monster who tried to crush him 
down. i will make sure the world sees him for who he truly is, okami thought to 
herself. at that moment, she thought about how delusional everyone was.  
every girl who wanted to be with haruo or drooled over him. her 
thoughts broke as her mother’s voice whispered, one day you will have to make 
a decision that will determine who you are and what you are going to become. you are 
a tokugawa, my child. always remember that. 
okami knew that even in her utter helplessness, she had a choice and 
she wanted to make that choice. she could either never speak about tonight 
ever again and let it under the rug, just what haruo wanted her to do – or she 
could take the little strength she had left in her to take back control. 
okami looked at him, a feeling of anger had taken over— her body 
charged, her fist clenched — and she knew what she had to do. suddenly 
she felt that her body has enough strength. maybe it wasn’t her body that had 
the needed courage but her mind. this was not her fault: he did this to her, 
a n d  she repeated it to herself. she wanted to believe it before she acts 
on it. the air in the room became crisp, her sight sharp, and the clarity 
in her movements was deliberate. haruo would have known if he was paying 
attention. she looked around for some clue, something that she could use to 
get some control of the situation. there has to be something, 
anything, okami thought to herself. her eyes caught a rolling ball water 
fountain. she took a deep breath, grabbed the heavy granite ball from the 
fountain, and tossed it as hard as she could at him, hitting haruo square in 
the back. he let out a yell and collapsed to the floor writhing in pain. 
“you little bitch!” he moaned, trying to get up, but his legs just 
didn’t have the energy. okami ran and leaped onto the bed, retrieving the 
ball and throwing it repeatedly at a section of the glass wall until it 
shattered, sending black and gray smoke straight into the room. she could  
hardly see but this was the little window she needed, so she started to 
climb out of the window. she felt haruo grab her leg. she pushed her leg back 
but failed. the last bit of innocence she had left died when she tried to 
break his back with the rolling ball still in her hand. there was nothing 
left that she could preserve. not that she wanted to. all she felt was anger 
and all she could see was blood. 
she kicked haruo in the face and said, “the only mistake you made 
was untying me, you son of a bitch.” she continued with anger, “and i 
will make you regret this every fucking day of your life.” 
okami made for the window, but he grabbed her leg again. she had to 
get out — he was never going to stop. okami knew that she didn’t have 
even a second to breathe and she understood it well. she stomped on 
his wrist and could hear an audible crack. that’s all the validation okami 
needed at that moment. even though it took every ounce of strength within 
her to even pull this, she knew she was getting together. you got this okami, 
she mumbled to herself. she lifted her foot to kick him once more in the 
face, and hit it once again, this time harder than ever. 
however, the second time haruo was ready for her and pushed her foot 
away, throwing her off balance, and sending her straight out the window. 
okami bounced off the ledge of haruo’s two-story home, then off the 
second roof of the neighboring house, and crashed onto a group of trash 
cans, breaking her fall. 
she could feel her limbs give up but okami, keep going, she could hear her 
daddy say to her from a distance. okami sprang to her feet and ran. not sure 
where she was headed. okami just wanted to keep going. her survival instincts  
were pushing her to keep running. she could hear haruo yelling through the 
window saying over and over again, “you bitch, you fucking bitch!”. she 
didn’t know how she was going to get away from this; all she knew was that 
she had to run. there was one thing she was sure of, one thing that kept 
her running – and that was her unshakable faith in the fact that she could 
still go home. she could still fall in her daddy’s arms and cry her heart out 
without having to explain. 
the cold pavement hurt every time her shoeless feet hit the ground, 
okami kept going without ever thinking if she should stop and catch her 
breath. every muscle in her body hurt, but she couldn’t feel her left arm. 
she wanted to cry for help, but making any sound could risk it all. she ran 
down streets and through alleyways. she was running so hard and so fast, 
she didn’t even hear the whistle of the police officer chasing her. the 
officer yelled out to her, “stop! please stop now!” 
okami slowed down to a walk and then turned around. the officer 
chasing after her was a petite woman. the officer looked at her and asked, 
“why were you running? where are your shoes?” 
okami was in shock. she wanted to ask for help but all she could utter 
was, “i need my daddy; take me to my daddy, kazuhiro tokugawa”. 
okami kept repeating her daddy’s name while tears rolled down her cheeks. 
the officer placed her hand on okami’s left arm and gave it a gentle 
squeeze. okami felt nothing. is my arm broken? okami wondered. 
the officer spoke into her radio, requesting backup. “i have a young 
woman,” she said. “it looks like she was mugged. see if we have a kazuhiro  
tokugawa. she keeps saying that he is her father. hurry and send an 
ambulance. i think she is delirious.” she turned her attention back to 
okami. “ok, miss,” the officer said. “everything is ok. you are safe 
now.” 
okami turned to her and said, “i will never be safe again. i just need 
my daddy” then okami collapsed onto the pavement, motionless. 
   
 
 
 
 
chapter 3 : the lily rises to 
the surface  
 
 
 
 
azuhiro stood beside his daughter’s hospital bed, looking down 
at her. he thought, whoever did this will pay for it and i will not stop 
until the bastard is sent to hell. his wife sat in a chair next to him, 
holding her daughter’s hand and gently sobbing. he placed his 
hand on her shoulder. she reached over and gripped it. 
k  
still looking at her daughter, she said, “find out who did this. why 
would they do this to our little girl?” 
kazuhiro answered, “i have put my best men into this. i will find out 
who did this. trust me, i will kill them with my own hands.” anger and 
love had taken over kazuhiro. 
his wife turned to him, her face red from tears. “kazi,” she said, 
“promise me. you find the people that did this. make them pay. she is the 
only thing we have, and i will not let her suffer without any justice.” she 
almost yelled at her husband. 
 
“you know, there is nobody i love more than our little girl. i will turn 
the world upside down and burn this city to ashes if i have to. i promise 
you.” 
kazuhiro released his grip on his wife’s hand as he heard a knock on the 
door and left the room. “what do you have for me?” 
the young man looked at him and said, “as of right now, sir, nothing. 
not a word. there is not even any gossip on the street. it is as if she was 
never anywhere.” 
kazuhiro looked at the young man with an expressionless face and 
said, “i want whoever did this found!” then he turned and looked through 
the window of his daughter’s room. “do you know what the doctor said?” 
the young man was startled. he was being spoken to by the seventh-
most powerful man in tokyo. he had no idea how to reply. say  something,  
you idiot, he said to himself, anything. he spoke. “no, sir, i don’t.” 
kazuhiro took in a deep breath and crossed his hands behind his back. 
“he said that she had a broken arm, fractured ribs, and a concussion. none 
of her injuries warrant her being in a coma. the doctor suspects that she 
went through some serious emotional trauma for her brain to just shut 
down like that.” he growled through his teeth. “i want the animal found. 
find out what astuko was doing, and where she was. she was the last 
person to be with okami or so i know.” the young man bowed, stepped 
back, and turned quickly, then retreated down the long hallway, and 
through the icu double doors. 
kazuhiro knew his daughter. he knew what she would, and would 
not do. he also knew what she was capable of, even her dark sides. hell, 
he taught her everything she needed to know, and what he could not 
teach, her mother did. something was not adding up. 
he didn’t know what, but he knew that time would reveal what he 
needed to know.  
he wanted to know what happened to his daughter but didn’t want 
curiosity to take over. he turned to walk down the hall and paused for a 
moment. the double doors opened, and two men in suits and sunglasses 
stood holding the doors open, allowing haruo to walk through followed 
closely by tamotsu. and about a dozen men behind them. he stood 
there as haruo approached him. 
haruo did not walk as he normally did; he had a slight limp to his 
stride, and his hand was bandaged as if it had been broken. haruo stopped  
and bowed respectfully and slowly. his dress was impeccable — his style 
was second to none and his etiquette was never lacking. he truly was an 
extraordinary young man. kazuhiro could not help but smile on the 
inside. all those years ago teaching haruo produced something worth 
being proud of. kazuhiro returned his bow and stood up straight. haruo 
stayed bowed for a few seconds longer and then he too stood up. 
“my deepest concerns for you and your family,” haruo said. and with 
those words, two guards passed them both, and placed flowers inside the 
room where okami lay and her mother sat still praying. ayako looked up 
and smiled.  the two men politely bowed and quickly walked out. 
kazuhiro looked at the 21-year-old young man. kids his age would be out 
partying or out creating mischief. however, he showed his respect by 
coming to the hospital. kazuhiro looked the young man briskly up and 
down and stopped his eyes on haruo’s bandaged hand. 
“what happened to you?” he asked in a still, deep voice. 
“i had a situation that needed to be, uhhhhh,” as he looked up in the 
air then back down, “dealt with.” 
kazuhiro chuckled. the youth, he thought to himself, are so full of energy 
but no brains. looking at haruo, he said, “well, remember what i 
taught you? the more powerful you become, the less you get your own 
hands involved. come walk with me, haruo.” he proceeded through the 
doors and down the hospital hallway. 
“thank you for coming,” kazuhiro spoke with his hands behind his  
back and looking straight ahead. 
“it was the least i could do, teacher. you and your family still mean a 
lot to me.” kazuhiro looked at haruo and slowly shook his head. he said 
nothing. haruo could hear the steady rhythm of their shoes hitting the 
hospital floor. he continued to say, “okami was like a little sister to me.” 
the old man looked at haruo and said, “she thought very highly of 
you. she spoke of you often, which is why i am glad you are here.” 
“what do you need from me, teacher? anything, you name it.” 
“nothing happens on the streets of tokyo without you knowing 
something about it.” 
“ok, but that’s something everyone knows.” 
kazuhiro stopped, turned, and looked at haruo. he said firmly, “i 
want whoever did this found. i don’t want you to kill them. bring them to 
me so that i may decide what would be best, and what my daughter would 
prefer.” 
haruo looked at kazuhiro’s face, stern and unreadable. haruo looked 
into his eyes, and he could see that kazuhiro was using every ounce of 
energy he had to keep from losing his well-controlled japanese poise. 
“how is your daughter, sir? 
kazuhiro sighed and said, “the doctor said she is in a coma, and they 
are not sure when she will come out of it.” he turned and looked out of 
the window. “the doctor said it could be days or even weeks. we are not  
even sure how much she will remember when and if she wakes.” 
haruo smiled to himself, thinking, she will never tell you, but she will 
remember — i’m  counting on it. then he spoke, “don’t worry, teacher. if the 
ones that did this to her are out there, we will find them, and i will 
bring them to you. if you would excuse me, teacher, i have work to do.” 
kazuhiro grunted approval and nodded. haruo bowed once again and 
stepped briskly away. 
kazuhiro turned away and resumed looking out of the window. 
haruo walked down the hallways. as he passed tamotsu, he said, “get me 
a few thugs — anyone; i need time.” then he put his sunglasses on and 
walked out the door, surrounded by his entourage. 
kazuhiro picked up his phone and said, “it’s begun.” then he listened 
for a moment and replied “no, but i am sure he is holding something 
back.” 
he hung up the phone and walked back toward his daughter’s room. 
he could hear the steady beat of the heart monitor. he looked at her, 
bruised and battered, lying there; he still thought she was the most 
beautiful thing he had ever created, and he knew there would be no rest 
until he found out what happened to his daughter. 
his wife sat next to the bed, staring at her daughter. finally speaking, 
she sat upright in her chair and said, “we never should have moved. we 
could have done everything you needed to do from st. croix. the embassy 
was there, and between the two of us, we had all the connections we 
needed.”  
“no,” kazuhiro said. he had not had this conversation with his wife 
for over 15 years. “no,” he said again. “we spoke about it. to do what 
needed to be done, we had to move to tokyo. it was the only way. and i 
have no regrets.” 
“yes, but now look at what we have done. we brought our only 
daughter into something that we created,” she said, speaking in perfect 
japanese. 
“i know, ayako. i am going to make this right. i never planned on our 
daughter being hurt. and one incident cannot define the life for her. she 
will get out of this and i know this. she is our daughter and you should 
know more than anyone else that strength is our best virtue as a family.” 
ayako looked at her husband. she realized how much he had given up 
for her, and she knew that now was not the time to blame him for 
anything. he was a strong and good man. he had all the drive and honor 
of a traditional japanese male. driven, honorable, and extremely loyal. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
chapter 4 : if   she blossoms , 
all hell will break loose  
 
 
 
 
aruo sat next to tamotsu in the back of his chauffeur-driven 
mercedes s class amg. 
“who do we have that we need to get rid of?” 
“what do you mean?” tamotsu asked his boss, looking puzzled. 
“i need a distraction. i don’t want that old man poking around just 
yet. i need to give him what he wants. he thinks she was mugged — let’s 
keep that up.” 
tamotsu looked at haruo with a sarcastic smirk on his face and said, 
“she was mugged, wasn’t she?” 
h  
haruo chuckled for a second and said, “yeah, she was. by those little 
punks in harajuku. i think there were three of them. bring them to me so 
that i may deliver them to that pompous old man, so he can back off.” 
“you do realize,” tamotsu said while taking a puff from his cigarette, 
“that if she wakes up, all hell is going to break loose.” 
“no, not really. i doubt that very seriously,” haruo said. “she won’t 
speak: she feels too guilty. she is more concerned about what they will 
say, and do to her than what will happen to me. do you know how i have 
the gift of getting into people’s heads? she is never going to recover from 
what i have done. her father will be distracted for years trying to fix her. 
and i think she enjoyed it too, minus the part where she had to jump off 
the building.” 
haruo took a deep breath and continued, “my father sees me as his 
next, and he will say and do whatever it takes to get the elders to see it, too. 
all i have to do is continue to be the example of who and what a true 
leader is, and i will win over the hearts and minds of everyone. even 
kazuhiro was impressed when i walked through that door. if he can be 
blinded by my appearance, then everyone else is just easy.” 
he leaned into the back seat cushions and exhaled, enjoying the feel of 
the leather and how the seat just wrapped around his body. with closed 
eyes, he said, “get me those thugs. choose them wisely. make sure they 
are not  too bright; we don’t want them thinking their way through this.” 
okami’s mother sat in the living room of astuko’s home. two well-
dressed men wearing suits knelt on either side of her, on cushions with  
their legs crossed behind them. “would you like another cup of tea, mrs. 
tokugawa?” astuko’s mother asked as she reached for the pot. 
“yes,  please.” 
she poured the tea into mrs. tokugawa’s cup and asked, “what brings 
you here? i’m not used to entertaining people of such high status in my 
home.” 
“oh, you have a beautiful home. you have nothing to be ashamed of. 
i just came by to check on your daughter. she has not come to the hospital 
since okami’s….” she paused for a moment, and astuko’s mother could 
see she was holding back deep sorrow and concern. she continued, 
“…unfortunate event.” 
“i understand,” astuko’s mother said. “she has been distraught by it 
and has not left her room since. it has been two days now. how is okami?” 
astuko’s mother asked. 
“she is still in a coma,” mrs. tokugawa replied. “however, we have 
hope she will be coming around soon. do you have any idea where the girls 
were that day?” she continued. 
“well, it’s hard to know for sure, but she told us that they were going 
to the mall. but she lost her. she says that she looked for her, but could not 
find her until we found out that okami was in the hospital.” 
“may i speak with your daughter, please? i just want to let her know 
that okami is okay, and it would be helpful to okami; in the condition, she 
is in; for her best friend to visit her. hearing astuko’s voice may do her  
some good.” 
“well, let me see if i can get her out of her room.” astuko’s mother 
lifted herself off the floor cushion where they were sitting, and briskly 
walked to the back room. ayako could hear her mother speaking through 
the door saying, “astuko you have a visitor. okami’s mother is here to 
see you.” 
a few moments went by and then astuko slowly appeared around 
the corner. 
“well, hello,” mrs. tokugawa said and smiled at astuko. astuko 
bowed politely, holding her head down in silence. okami’s mother looked 
at her with studying eyes. 
“i want you to know, astuko, that okami is ok. there is nothing you 
could have done to stop what happened, and none of us hold you 
responsible or to blame.” 
astuko looked up and said, “i didn’t know any of this would happen. 
we just wanted to have fun, and we went to my father’s club to go see 
haruo’s new car.” 
“haruo?” mrs. tokugawa questioned. 
“yes, ma’am. she left with him that night, but he came back later 
saying she went home. i was angry with her for leaving me, so i didn’t call 
her that night. but i didn’t know she had been attacked going home!” she 
repeated. “i didn’t know.” tears started falling down astuko’s face. 
“could you please tell okami i am so sorry? i never meant for any of  
this to happen.” 
“well, you are more than welcome to come to the hospital and tell her 
yourself. even though she is in a coma, i am sure that if she can hear you, 
it would bring her much peace.” 
astuko looked at her with a look of relief and bowed to  mrs. 
tokugawa, saying, “yes, ma’am, i will do so.” 
then mrs. tokugawa said, “if you would excuse me, i must leave 
now.” she rose from the floor cushions with grace and poise. it was as if 
everything in the room stopped until she had made it to her feet. she turned 
to astuko and said, “please do come and see okami. it would bring much 
joy to all of us, astuko.” 
then she turned back and politely walked to the door of astuko’s 
home. she put on her shoes, and as one of the men opened the door for 
her, she slowly turned and smiled once again at the mother and daughter, 
then exited their home toward her car as the door closed behind her. 
astuko looked up and her mother slapped her. in an angry voice, she 
said, pointing at astuko, “you didn’t tell me you went anywhere else other 
than the mall. you completely embarrassed me. i told you that dealing 
with that little whore would get you in trouble. now we have to go to the 
hospital to save face.” 
astuko looked up, holding her face, tears in her eyes. “i’m sorry 
mother. i was scared.” 
“go to your room,” her mother yelled, “you disgust me. don’t bother  
waiting for your food, because you will not be getting any tonight. i have 
a mind to tell your father what you have done, so i can watch him beat 
you. now go.” she lifted her hand again at astuko with the implication 
that if she did not move fast enough she would be hit again. 
ayako stepped into her car and the door closed behind her. she put 
her bluetooth in her ear and dialed her husband’s phone. it rang and then 
was answered with a warm and heartfelt, but abrupt, “yes.” 
“i am leaving the house now.” 
“what did you observe?” kazuhiro replied. 
“she said that okami was with haruo that night, and she left with him. 
however, he returned to the club and she did not.” 
“hmmm” is all that was said in response. 
“what do you think that means?” she said to her husband. 
“i will figure out whatever it is. are you okay?” he asked ayako in a 
concerned voice. 
“no.” ayako could barely hold herself together. 
“fine,” kazuhiro said. “i have a phone call to make.” the phone 
clicked and then went silent. 
astuko took the piece out of her ear and looked out the tinted window of 
the mercedes. did we do something for our little daughter to hide things from us? 
ayako thought to herself. she knew that her daughter liked haruo very 
much. he wouldn’t have — he couldn’t have — it’s just not possible.  
she abandoned the thought right away. 
after kazuhiro disconnected the phone, he held it in his hand for a 
moment. haruo came to the hospital that night, he thought. why didn’t he 
tell me that my daughter was at the club, let alone that they left together? i knew the 
young man was hiding something, but i didn’t think it was something so close. i trained 
him and taught him just about everything. he couldn’t do this to me, could he? 
nonetheless, he pressed the number and put his phone to his ear. it 
was answered on the first ring.  kazuhiro, with no hesitation in his voice, 
said, “i need you to look into something for me.” 
mr. tokugawa sat at his home office. the phone on his desk came to 
life after a very long time. he said in a tone louder than he normally 
spoke. answer! the phone clicked over.“yes?” he said 
“is this mr. tokugawa?” the female voice on the other end asked. 
“correct,” he says. 
“i have a satellite call for you from 15447834559h1.” 
“really?” he said. “fine, i accept, pass code 678944032k7. i accept the 
line.” 
“please hold.” there was silence on the other end for a few moments, 
followed by a series of clicks and tones. “yes,” he said. 
“mr. tokugawa,” haruo answered on the other end. “are you in front 
of the conference camera?” 
“yes,” kazuhirosaid. 
“please, turn it on, sir.”  
kazuhiro pointed his remote at the tv and pressed the button. on 
the screen was haruo standing with four other men. one he recognized to 
be tamotsu, but he did not know the other three young men. the men 
looked quite young. 
“tokugawa-san,” haruo said with a bow. “i have located the thugs 
who have assaulted your daughter,” kazuhiro said nothing and continued 
to watch the screen. haruo said, “tell him what you have guys done.” 
one of the young men spoke, “we didn’t know she was your daughter, 
sir. we thought that she was just some random girl walking down the 
street, and she looked like she had some money  so we decided to take it 
from her.” 
“hmm,” kazuhiro said, then asked, “what else?” the young man 
looked startled for a brief second. 
kazuhiro looked into the lens of the camera and said, “good job. i 
trust you will do what is necessary.” 
haruo looked at the camera and said, “i will do the honorable thing, just 
what needs to be done for justice .” 
 
then he pulled out his glock 45 with a silencer attached and pulled the 
trigger at the first man, shooting him in his chest and head. then he 
proceeded to do the same with the second man but just shot him in the 
head. the last realized what was going on, held up his hand, and said, 
“wait! you said if we said what you want….” haruo shot him through his 
hand and into his face, the bullet going into his cheek and breaking his jaw.  
the young man gagged and choked, fear in his eyes, looking as if he wanted 
to say something, trying so hard to speak. haruo walked up to him and 
point blankly range shot the young man in his head. then he walked over 
to the other two and shot them in the head just one more time to make 
sure they were dead. he looked down at the lifeless bodies and spat on 
them. 
he turned to the camera and said, “please forgive me for taking so 
much of your time. these three men will not be the last. if we find any more 
that were involved in your daughter’s assault, i will take care of them myself.” 
haruo bowed politely and respectfully. 
kazuhiro lightly nodded his head and then ended the video feed and 
disconnected the call. kazuhiro paused, endless thoughts crossed his mind 
all at once. he had seen video executions before. since the yakuza had 
its own satellites, the executions happened more often than most people 
realized. however, this one was different and strange. kazuhiro could 
still feel the weirdness lingering. as if haruo was rushing it, and what 
was the last man trying to say? he knew he should feel relieved, but he 
didn’t. it was as if that hole was still empty. he knew he had to get to the 
bottom of this. 
he mused, “the only reason that haruo would execute those men 
himself is, one, he didn’t want me to get my hands dirty or, two, he didn’t 
want me asking any questions. something is definitely going on.” he 
looked at his phone and pressed a number. a video image of his daughter 
lying in her hospital room showed on screen. she was still lying there, 
motionless. he watched as the doctors and nurses came and left her room.  
his wife sat by her side, holding her hand, and was reading aloud a book 
to her daughter. he zoomed in and noticed that the writing was in english. 
he nodded his head in approval. even though okami was unconscious, 
his wife was guiding and teaching his daughter. he puffed up his chest 
slightly and said, “she will be a good japanese woman, regardless of how 
others may see her. she will make a good wife.” then he bowed his head 
and thought, she can only make a good wife if she can ever get past this. 
but the truth was he knew that his daughter was extremely special, one 
of a kind. she got the spark in her from her mother. she had a great destiny 
ahead of her and there would be only one man in her life who would be 
able to let go of everything and hold on to her. he knew that everything 
was about patience. if he waited long enough, everything would be 
revealed — including the mystery behind his daughter’s attack. he 
zoomed in on his daughter’s face. she was beautiful, he felt proud to 
be her father. he could everything away just to see her smile and laugh 
again. he wanted to… hold on a second, what was that? he looked at her 
face, yes, yes, it was! he could see eye movement. she had not responded 
or shown any signs. now she is having eye movement. he reached for the 
phone and nearly knocked over the lamp sitting on his desk. he pressed a 
button and a voice on the other end said, “yes, sir?” kazuhiro had to still 
contain his composure but the excitement in his voice was recognizable. 
“we leave in three minutes,” he said. 
“destination, sir?” the man asked. 
kazuhiro said, “hospital.”  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
chapter  5: the water lily 
begins to blossom  
 
 
 
 
 
kami was standing in the courtyard of her home. she could 
see the paper windows, the columns of her house, the porch, 
and the stairs descending to the ground. she recognized 
it all. everything around her was white. 
the sky was pink and clear. next to her, the pond that used to 
sit below her window was now a babbling brook, winding and 
o  
twisting around the courtyard in a beautiful snake-like pattern. stones 
decorated the sides like glitter sprinkled on a line of glue. she was 
wearing the traditional japanese wooden shoes with the red kimono 
that she faithfully looked at in the window of the department store she 
passed by every day. it was covered in perfectly embroidered flying 
cranes and splashed with red and pink flowers. she was running and 
playing in the courtyard, the clip-clop of her shoes heard on the 
pavement. water lilies and goldfish were floating in the air and cherry 
blossom petals were falling all around her. she looked up and every 
now and again the fish would float down and caress her cheeks and 
wrap themselves around her, swimming — or in this case, flying — 
under her arms, around her waist, and then quickly darted away, only 
to return to her and do it all again. okami giggled as the fish went this 
way and that. she didn’t really know where she was, but she loved this 
place. she felt safe and warm. she lifted her hands and played with the 
floating water lilies like light balloons falling and rising in the park. she 
plucked one out of the sky, and it opened and closed as if breathing for 
her. it was the most beautiful sight she had ever witnessed. this place 
was perfect; she could stay here forever. she had no cares, no concerns, 
and no worries. everything was bliss, and she could feel it all around 
her. a warm breeze blew through the trees and stirred the blossoms, 
sending more petals through the air. okami danced around trying to 
catch the small pieces in her hands. then the breeze cooled and gradually 
became colder  and colder 
okami stopped playing and wrapped the kimono around her body  
tighter. she looked down and noticed that the water in the brook was 
moving much faster than before. the speed steadily increased, and then 
the color of the water became blood red. something began splashing in the 
water, and okami looked up to see the goldfish turning belly up and falling 
from the sky. they are dying, she thought. the water lilies turned brown and 
dried, then were blown away by the now-freezing cold wind.  
the sky darkened, and in the distance, okami could see a large, 
black cloud forming and moving fast toward her. the cloud shifted 
direction, and shot straight toward the ground only yards in front of her, 
leaving mounds of black goo all over the courtyard until the blackness 
left the sky, and was now all around her. the mounds of goo began to 
transform. at first, she could barely make out the shapes. she squinted 
her eyes to see a bit more clearly, but it was a useless automatic 
response, for in seconds she recognized each shape, and could see 
them with crystal clarity. 
they were black wolves, hundreds of them, the size of small cows if 
you could consider a cow small. they growled, their fangs sharp and 
bone white, their eyes red, and drool dripping from the sides of their 
mouths. they slowly moved toward okami. she backed up until she was 
up against the trunk of a cherry blossom tree. a white wolf, larger 
than the rest, pushed through the pack of wolves and stared at her. he 
was only fifty feet away but judging by his size, she was certain he could 
clear that space in seconds. the wolf held its head up and howled. it 
was an ear-piercing howl. it shook the trees and shattered the 
foundations of her home, crumbling it to the ground. then he let out  
a loud, quick bark, and one of the animals broke rank and lunged at 
okami. she wanted to cover her face — she needed to cover her face 
— but she was frozen with fear. all she could do was silently watch as 
the wolf flew through the air, ready to pounce on her. 
his body spread straight out, paws in front showing razor-sharp 
claws. right before he reached her, the wolf was tackled by something 
or someone, and then it yelped and fell to the ground, dead. okami 
stood looking at the dead wolf, and then a figure rose from the 
crouching position. it was the most beautiful and frightening warrior 
okami had ever seen. the long hair was pulled back into a tight ponytail 
that fell down the warrior’s back. she wore the traditional samurai armor: 
small metal shards tightly woven together with silk thread. her helmet was 
narrow on her head. it was shaped to her head exactly, forming around her 
face with an opening in the back that allowed for her ponytail to emerge. 
besides the silver armor, all the fabric she wore was black down to her 
boots. they laced up to her calves. she was tall with long legs, thick thighs, 
and an athletic build. her breasts were tastefully stuffed in a protective 
armored plate. she stood with her back to the dead animal. 
she looked at the leader of the pack, drew her sword, and pointed it at 
him, motioning at him to come to play with her. he paced back and 
forth for a moment and then howled. all the wolves at once bounded  
straight toward the warrior, and okami was afraid for her protector’s 
life. the warrior — with no hesitation as if responding on autopilot — 
sprang into the air, and swung her sword once. she hit the ground 
running as body parts, and animal insides fell behind her.  
she was attacked from the left and sidestepped, disemboweling 
one of the creatures while at the same time shoving her hand down 
another’s mouth, and crushing his windpipe from the inside. never losing 
her momentum, she shoved her sword into the skull of another, pulled 
her weapon out, and began rapidly pulling the trigger, pointing her 
weapon this way and that, never missing her target. every hit was fatal. 
wave after wave came at her, and she dealt with them all, never losing 
control, never breaking her concentration. her movements were a 
blur; she moved so quickly that okami never saw a drop of blood hit 
her.  
she looked as if she were dancing with the wolves, toying with them, 
playing with their intentions, and then bending them to her will. one 
after the other fell victim to her sword and sidearm until there was 
only one left. the leader of the pack paced around the now poised and 
ready warrior. her posture was perfect, arms extended, feet spread 
slightly apart. as the wolf moved, so did her body as if the two were 
having one last dance. the two moved, ready and waiting for the other 
to strike first. they walked over the many dead and bleeding carcasses, 
neither one of them fazed by all the death around them. okami could 
only stand holding onto the tree, hoping that her savior was victorious 
but fearing the worst. her nails dug deep into the trunk of the tree. 
okami could not breathe; she just stood there and watched. suddenly 
without warning, the beast shifted its weight and ran toward okami. 
clearing yards in seconds with her protector right on his heels, it leaped 
for okami. and the warrior leaped after it. springing off her hands, she  
soared through the air, feet in front aiming right at the beast’s rib cage. 
she hit it hard and okami heard the breath leave the animal in a loud 
yelp. it slid across the courtyard, but not before it was able to take a 
swipe at okami, ripping the sleeve of her kimono.  
okami grabbed her arm, and she could feel her left arm wet with 
blood — her own blood. she fell to the ground as the warrior leaped over 
her, bounding toward the wolf in an attempt to finish it off. she struck 
at it with her sword, only to have the blow blocked by a set of razor-
sharp teeth. the two of them struck back and forth at each other, every 
blow potentially fatal if any one of them were to land its destination. 
the warrior leaped over the wolf, drawing her sidearm, and pulling the 
trigger, landing a set of well-placed bullets into the back of its head. the 
wolf hit the ground with a thud. okami’s protector landed back, facing 
the animal, and then turned around, still ready to strike again. the wolf 
slowly rose, blood pouring from its mouth, but its movements were still 
unaffected. it made a final leap toward the fighter, mouth open, claws 
in front, pure intention to kill on its face. the woman rolled into the 
wolf’s path.  
okami yelled to look out, but the fighter stayed firm, not moving — 
only waiting. with her sword drawn, she quickly stepped to the side, 
bent down, and made an upward strike. the wolf missed her and landed 
on its feet, then turned to attempt its attack again. the warrior stood, 
just watching. then without warning, the beast’s stomach and chest 
opened up, and all of his insides burst out and onto the ground. the 
wolf just stood, and then fell to the ground, letting out one last breath.  
the warrior flicked her sword and sent blood to the ground. with 
a smooth fluent movement, she placed her sword back into its sheath, 
then turned and looked at okami. she walked toward okami, placing 
the gun back in its holster. she walked straight up, head leveled, her 
hips slightly swaying. she took long strides but was not rushing. okami, 
still on the ground, holding her arm scooted away. the power that 
was moving toward her was frightening. yet she felt a sense of wholeness: 
she knew she was looking at a complete woman, and that woman was 
coming directly at her.  
okami’s heart pounded; it felt like it was going to come out of her 
chest. she was shaking, and could not stop breathing hard. as the warrior 
moved closer, okami moved back until she was once again up against the 
tree. the woman came to her and stood, then shifted her swords to one 
side, and crouched down to one knee. okami shielded her face, not sure 
of what would happen next. waiting to be hit or slapped or kicked, she 
felt nothing. she slowly put her arms down, and finally saw that the 
woman was holding her hand out as if to help okami up. okami 
reluctantly held out her hand.  
the warrior touched okami’s hand, closing her fingers around it, 
and then leaned forward to pull okami up. as she did, okami could see 
the light hitting the warrior’s face. her head blocked the sun, so okami 
could see clearly what this warrior looked like. she was a beautiful 
woman with soft features. her eyes were clear and brown. her skin was 
smooth and slightly tanned as if she were born that way. her skin was the 
same color as okami’s.  
okami peered into this beautiful woman’s eyes and was invaded by 
the reality that she was almost looking at herself. she tried to pull her hand 
away, but the grip was locked. she tried to kick her hand out, jerking and 
pulling, but all the woman did was hold her hand — unflinching, 
immovable, as if she were a statue. okami kicked and screamed, and said, 
“let me go! you are not me! you are not me!” she tried one last time 
pulling with all her might, yelling at the top of her lungs 
“aaaahhhhhh!” 
okami sat straight up in her hospital bed, quickly grabbing her left arm 
and still screaming from her dream. she looked around the room, and her 
vision cleared. it took a few seconds, which felt like a lifetime for her. she 
had to get out. she did not know where she was. she saw the iv in her hand 
and quickly pulled it out. the wires stuck to her chest she pulled off, as 
well. she could feel hands on her but everything was happening so fast, 
and all she could feel was fear. kicking, screaming, and fighting, she heard 
voices but could not make them out. okami’s mother tried to hold her 
down. she kept saying, “baby it’s me; baby it’s me,” but there was no 
response. she grabbed okami by her shoulders to get her to look at her, 
but okami was not there. she could not even recognize her mother’s voice. 
okami’s mother began to yell for help, but the room was already being 
flooded by nurses in their scrubs, ready to put their skills into action. one 
grabbed her working arm; two grabbed her legs, one on each; and everyone 
kept saying, “calm down.” 
the doctor came in. it took him only two seconds to figure the 
situation out. he shouted, “2 ccs of hallidol — now!”  
okami could feel herself being held down, and with all of the strength 
she had, she knew she was going to use it to fight them off. where was she? 
how did she get here? a short nurse with red straight hair wiped her arm 
with an alcohol swab, and was about to stick a needle into okami’s arm 
when a voice — strong, sturdy, and full of authority — grunted loud 
enough to pierce the commotion: “wait! stop!” kazuhiro tokugawa 
entered the room, and even okami had to pause for a moment. he walked 
up to his daughter and looked into her eyes. he said with a voice that only 
a father who truly loved his daughter could have, “okami, i am here: it’s 
your father.” she looked over at the sound of the voice, and then all the 
faces came into view. she looked up at her father who was now moving 
past a few nurses, and her mother and said, “it’s ok, child.” 
he sat on the edge of her bed and stroked her bangs out of her face. 
she looked up at him and said in a voice questioning, and a tone of a 7- 
year-old. “daddy?” 
he said, “yes, sweetheart. it’s me: it’s daddy.” 
okami began to cry, and wrapped her arms around her father, crying 
into his suit. she could smell his cologne and felt the familiar smoothness 
of his armani. she could not let him go. so she sat there and cried in his 
arms for a very long time. mr. tokugawa looked around the room, and 
gave a nod to the people present as if to say it’s over now; you all may leave. 
i have this under control. he could feel his daughter’s heart rapidly 
beating. her sobs filled the room, and all he could do was just hold her. he 
sat on the bed with the resolve to be there as long as she needed him. he 
was not the type of man to show his emotions or affection, but after his  
daughter was born, all of that changed. he couldn’t pinpoint exactly when 
that happened, but he knew once it did happen, he would never be the 
same. 
okami slowly relaxed, but still could not let go of her father. arms still 
wrapped around his broad strong shoulders, holding onto him always 
made her feel comfortable. she remembered the nights when she would 
have nightmares, and he would come into the room, pick her up into his 
arms, and make everything better. 
she leaned back and looked into her father’s eyes. he smiled at her, and 
she instantly felt safe. they just exchanged looks for a moment, and then 
kazuhiro broke the silence and asked, “are you ok, kiddo?” 
okami responded in her 7-year-old voice again and said, “i think so, 
daddy. he would always say that to her when she would get upset or 
things would not work out, and it always made her calm down. when he 
would say that, she knew there was nothing she could say that would upset 
him. 
what am i doing here? what happened? even though his daughter 
was able to bring out the soft spot in him he still was not a man of well-  
placed words. he turned and looked at okami’s mother, who was quietly 
standing by. she understood that there were times a daughter and her 
father needed each other, and she recognized that this was one of them. 
she also knew that she would be called upon when she was needed and 
could tell this was that time. 
she sat down on the other side of her daughter’s hospital bed, and she 
spoke in creole, saying, “eech mwen (meaning “my child”), you have been 
through a lot these past few days.” she stroked the back of her daughter’s 
head and looked at her with her motherly, loving eyes. “can you remember 
anything, baby?” her mother asked. 
“no, mommy,” okami answered. okami could see flashes of 
something, but could not really understand exactly what she was seeing. 
the images that flashed before her eyes disturbed her. her mother 
switched back to speaking japanese. 
“rest, child,” she said and climbed into the bed next to her. 
kazuhiro proceeded to get up. okami quickly grabbed his arm, and 
said, “don’t leave, daddy.” he looked at his daughter and sat back down. 
the three of them held each other, and okami fell back into a dreamless 
sleep. 
   
 
 
 
 
chapter  6: the lily  speaks  
and whispers  the truth  
 
 
 
azuhiro sat in the back seat of the car, his daughter in the middle, 
and his wife on the other side. okami’s arms wrapped around 
her mother, and she wore her hello kitty pink jumpsuit that 
was brought from the house for her to wear from the hospital. her hospital 
wristband was still attached, for she did not want to part with it. he looked 
over at the two of them. 
ayako looked at her daughter while stroking her head. okami’s eyes 
k  
just looked out of the car window. she had not spoken since the time she 
woke up in the hospital from her coma. all she would do is sit and stare. 
she would eat, drink and point at what she wanted but would never speak. 
she had to be sedated most of the time to sleep. the doctors kept her in 
the hospital for one more day after her awakening. tests were run, but 
besides her broken arm, and a few scrapes and bruises, she was fine. she 
didn’t have feelings in the toes and fingers on her left side, but the 
doctors said that it should return after a few days of healing. the 
suggestion was made to keep her in the hospital for a few more days; 
however, her mother was strongly against it. “there is no reason why our 
daughter cannot come home where she can receive the same care, and be 
in an environment that is familiar to her.” the doctors tried to convince 
her otherwise; however, kazuhiro knew his wife, and once she made up 
her mind the decision would be made, and there was no retreat from it for 
her. 
okami watched as the car pulled into the driveway; she looked at her 
tokyo home for the first time in days. it felt good to see her house again. 
the car pulled to a halt, and all of her father’s men got out of the car, some 
looking around others opening up the door for her father and mother. 
when it was time to get out, she let her mother go and held tightly to her 
father. kazuhiro wanted to smile at her; however, he was in public, and for 
the sake of his family he could not show how he truly felt. he hoped his 
daughter understood that. once inside, he planned to make up for that. 
he helped his daughter out of the car, and they walked together up to the 
house as the door was opened for them. okami stopped and looked  
around. everything was the same yet so different. she could see nothing 
was wrong with her eyes, but the world just seemed to be dimmer now. 
she slowly let her father go, and walked toward the stairs, putting her 
right hand on the railing. she could feel the cold hardwood on her fingers. 
she put one foot on the step and looked up. she took a deep breath in 
and blew it out slowly. then she slowly ascended the staircase. 
her feet made no sound. she turned, and her mother was right behind 
her. okami looked forward again, feeling a bit more sure of herself, she 
finished the last few stairs and walked toward her room. as she opened 
the door, her senses were hit with the decoration of it all. she noticed the 
ruffles on her bedspread, the different colored bears, and animals that 
decorated every part of her room, and the posters of her favorite singers, 
and actors littered the wall placed this way and that. she always looked 
forward to going to her room — it was her escape. however, this time she 
felt nothing: no joy, no sadness, just indifference. she needed to feel 
something and chose to walk to her window and look down, as she would 
always do. the pond always made her feel better. she slowly sat on the 
window seat and looked down. she saw the water lilies, and the goldfish 
swimming around in a melody of movements. instead of peace and 
tranquility, she felt fear and anxiety, and the images of the dream she had 
in the hospital a few days ago came rushing back. okami shut her eyes, 
and slowly looked away.  
she stood from the window seat and walked to the only comfort 
she knew. okami plopped herself onto the bed, feeling the soft silk 
comforter. it always was so pleasant for her, but this time it made her skin  
crawl, and she could not remember why. she stood up and quickly pulled 
the comforter off the bed, and let it aimlessly fall to the floor. her mother 
standing at the door watching her daughter, walked over to the bed, 
and picked up the comforter, placing it outside. she was not sure why 
her daughter would do that. okami was always so meticulous about 
making sure that everything was straight and clean; however, this was 
different. she watched her daughter slowly climb onto her bed and lie 
down, looking out of the window up into the sky. she went to close her 
door, and okami quickly commanded her mother, almost yelling, “no!” 
her mother paused, looked at her daughter, and said nothing more 
than “ok.” okami turned her head again and looked out of the window, 
and her mother slowly backed away to retreat downstairs, holding the 
comforter in her hands. mrs. tokugawa could have servants, but she 
protested against it. she had to put up with the intrusive presence of the 
security, but she was not going to have a bunch of bustling little girls 
around her house, where her privacy would be under constant scrutiny. 
other than the routine house clean-ups once or twice a week, she did 
everything herself, and she liked it that way. her mother didn’t do it, and 
she was not going to do it as well. placing the comforter in the laundry 
basket, she went over to her husband’s office, and let herself in. kazuhiro 
looked up and acknowledged his wife’s presence with a loving face. ayako 
leaned against the wall and said, “i don’t know what has happened to her, 
but i have seen this before.” 
kazuhiro looked up from the computer screen, and said, “so have i.” 
he remembered the young girls who would come off the boat from  
different countries, and who had been purchased or stolen. it was his job 
at one time to house them, and make sure they were placed in the proper 
places around tokyo, some to be sold again or used as the clan deemed 
necessary. he remembered how some of them would just stare or hold on 
to one another just as his daughter was doing now. some things were best- 
kept secret, and there were things about his life he would never share with 
his wife, and she never asked. “let’s give it some time,” he said at the same 
moment as he exhaled. “we must not lament over this. she is going to need 
us more now than ever before.” 
ayako walked over to her husband, put her hand on his shoulder, and 
said, “i fear she is never going to be the same. she is not our little girl 
anymore.” 
“no,” kazuhiro said, “she is not a little girl any longer.” before he 
could finish his statement the silence was broken by a blood-curdling 
scream from upstairs. they looked at each other, and both of them bolted 
out of the office door. okami’s mother bounded up the stairs, and 
kazuhiro put his hand out to stop the guards that were now coming 
through the door, focused on going upstairs, and gestured for them to stay 
where they were as he followed not far behind his wife. 
when he arrived, okami was holding her mother and crying into 
ayako’s chest. he looked at his wife, and she looked at him. he clutched 
his fist and returned downstairs. pulling out his cell phone, he called a 
number; it was picked up on the first ring. “we need to meet,” he said. “i 
don’t care. we need to meet now. yes, not a problem — coffee shop in 20 
minutes.” he hung up the phone, and said to one of his men, “get the car.  
we are leaving.” 
satoshi tanaka sat on the floor of the coffee house, sipping on a cup 
of tea. he never liked the black bitter-tasting stuff. he felt that anything 
that would go into the pallet of one’s mouth should be enjoyable, and if it 
were not so then there was no reason for one to partake. the only 
exception was sake, especially when it was not just any sake. the cold, 
unfiltered sake from his hometown was the best, and if anywhere he could 
get it, that was all he would drink. anyone who knew him knew that. he 
poked at the screen of his electronic notebook, reading a few articles, and 
glancing at pictures. he really couldn’t care less about what was going on: 
whose child was kidnapped, what the local government had to say about 
this policy and that. all he cared about was how the stock market was 
doing, and if he would get another 300,000-yen dividend check. he heard 
footsteps approaching the small little private room he had obtained and 
looked at his watch. right on time, as usual. that old bastard was never 
late; he liked that and respected it. the door opened, and a cute little 
hostess in a loosely fitting white shirt and a black skirt that was the opposite 
showed kazuhiro through the door. “would you like for me to get 
you anything, sir?” 
kazuhiro said, “no, that will not be necessary. please see that we are 
not disturbed.” 
she politely bowed and said, “very well.” and briskly walked away. 
satoshi looked up from his tea for just a moment to watch her ass as 
she left. “how are you, old friend?” he asked as he motioned for kazuhiro  
to sit down. he could have stood, and gone through all the polite gestures, 
but he felt it was unnecessary. he owed this man his life, and if he didn’t 
realize that by now, he could kiss his tiny little pale ass because it was and 
would always be what he would do, and there was no regret. luckily for 
him, he was indebted to a man who understood the value of loyalty. he 
would follow kazuhiro to hell, and, if need be, pull the heart out of the big 
demon boss himself, if that was required of him. 
kazuhiro walked to the other end of the table and sat down. satoshi 
leaned over and poured his good friend a cup of tea. they sat for a moment 
with no words, then satoshi spoke first. “how is your daughter doing?” 
kazuhiro sighed and his shoulders slumped. “it’s not good. she has 
been through something far greater than what everyone suspects.” 
“what do you mean?” satoshi asked, now putting down his cup and 
looking directly at kazuhiro. 
“well,” he continued, “remember the girl in bangkok — the one we 
were sent to retrieve for the arab prince?” 
“you are talking about the one who killed herself, right?” satoshi said 
for clarification. 
“yes,” kazuhiro responded. “well, my daughter has those same eyes, 
which leads me to believe that more went on that night than the police can 
tell us.” he then continued to add the part where haruo called him on 
video conference. satoshi crossed his arms and stroked his chin. 
“well, it’s interesting that you would say that,” he said. “i had been  
following the young man since you spoke with me that night, asking me 
to check him out. his behavior has been pretty odd. one night, he went 
down to the red light district, and just grabbed three men. now after 
hearing your story, i now know why they have not been heard from again. 
i also trailed him to another home he has. i know many of us to have more 
than two homes, but here is the part that makes me curious. it has state-
of-the-art security: all the windows are reinforced. there was also a repair 
crew fixing his upstairs window.” 
he continued to say, “i checked it out further. didn’t you say that the 
doctors had to remove shards of glass from her arm?” 
“yes, i did,” kazuhiro replied. 
“well, i think those same shards of glass that were in your daughter’s 
arm are from haruo’s place. the reason why i say that is that the type of 
set-up he has upstairs is a smoke-shade glass system. meaning that it will 
place smoke in-between two sets of window panes. the type of glass 
needed for this system is made in europe, and there are only about a 
hundred-plus people that own a system like that in tokyo. the majority 
of the owners have them placed in penthouses and hotels. your boss’ son 
is one of the few who have it in a home.” 
he paused and took a sip of his tea. then he went on to say that the 
trash cans in the back of the house were crushed as if something heavy was 
placed on them or dropped. he found traces of blood and has a buddy in 
forensics who knows how to match dna. “it should take a few days or 
hours according to what he may find.”  
kazuhiro reached down, grabbed his cup of tea, took a sip, and asked, 
“is that all?” “for now,” satoshi said. “but i can assure you if anything else 
comes up, you will be the first to know.” 
kazuhiro said, “thank you, my friend. you have always been there for 
me. i hope one day i can return the favor,” as he began to stand. 
“you already have,” satoshi said, trying to get up faster than his friend. 
they both made it to their feet at the same time and bowed. 
“there is one more thing i request of you.” kazuhiro gave an envelope 
to satoshi. “read it, do it. if what you say is true, i will have to call you.” 
he turned to walk out and satoshi asked, “what about the boy?” 
kazuhiro looked over his shoulder and said, “watch him.” then he 
walked out the door, and down the hallway. his heart was pounding out 
of his chest. to be betrayed by someone so close to him was not a surprise 
as much as a disappointment. he worked with haruo; he was a great 
student kazuhiro had grown to respect the young man a great deal. now 
to find out that everything he taught was now being used against him. if 
this was so, and satoshi was correct (very seldom was he ever wrong), 
kazuhiro would kill haruo himself. for now, he would just wait. he was 
always waiting, always patient, and sometimes he wondered if it was always 
the best move. but he was still alive, and everyone else who toyed with him 
had never made it. the car door was opened for him and he got in. “take 
me home,” he said. 
mrs. tokugawa looked at her daughter sleeping on the floor cushions in  
the living room. she was curled up in a tight little ball. passed out 
practically, daytime was the only time she would sleep, and when she did 
sleep at night, she would wake up screaming or just walk and pace the 
hallway all night long. it was the fifth day since she had been brought home 
from the hospital, and mrs. tokugawa smiled because this was the first 
time since she had been home when okami had slept longer than 30 
minutes at a time. she turned and looked at the digital clock on the wall, 
which confirmed her assumption. it had been two hours straight. her 
daughter was feeling better, and getting more comfortable at home, and 
that made ayako feel a little better. she stood in the kitchen preparing the 
meal for that evening when she felt two hands wrap around her waist, and 
soft lips kiss her neck. she was startled for a moment but could recognize 
those hands and lips anywhere, but it was always his sweet masculine smell 
that she picked up on before anything. however, she was so deep in 
thought she didn’t even hear him. it felt good to be touched. he had not 
touched her like that since their daughter had been in the hospital. he 
stayed gone all day and slept very little at night.  
sometimes she would wake up, and hear him speaking to his 
daughter, while he worked in his office. she wrapped her hand around 
his and leaned her head back exposing as much of her neck as she could. 
kazuhiro locked his neck and chin around hers feeling her head rest on 
his shoulder. he took a deep breath, inhaling her scent, the smell of his 
wife’s perfume mixed with vegetables, meat, and the daily household 
smell. he was not used to her being home so much. she was always 
active, and into something, but since the event with his daughter, she  
was home a lot more, and he liked it. he knew he had been neglecting her, 
and the attention he used to show had been sacrificed, and replaced with 
his work. he could not remember the last time he held her like this, and 
had forgotten how good it felt — how good she felt. her body was as 
tight and sexy as it was when they first met several years ago, give or 
take a few spots that were more cushioned than others, but he liked that. 
he found it sexy, and it made her look and feel more like a woman. 
“how long has she been sleeping there?” he asked in his deep voice, 
knowing that it would resonate through his wife’s body. 
she gripped his hand and said, “for about two hours.” 
“really?” he said. “that’s good. you were right, being home was good 
for her. how have you been, my dear? it has been a while since we have 
spoken like this.” 
ayako sighed and said, “it has not been easy. these past couple of days 
have been hard on her, which means it is hard on me. but i don’t mind; i 
get to be with my daughter more. of course, i wish it were under different 
circumstances.” then she turned around, and faced her husband, 
wrapping her arms around his waist, and laying her face on his chest. “do 
you think this will get better?” she asked. 
“okami is a fighter — she will make it through this.” he replied 
reassuringly 
“no, i don’t mean her. i mean us. we don’t talk like we used to, and 
up until now you haven’t touched me.” he pulled her closer to himself.  
“i know,” he said. “but it will pass. what will never change is how 
much i love you.” she looked up and smiled at him. sometimes he had a 
gift for the cheesy, but she found it endearing. he was a warrior, and words 
did not come easily to him. she did not care. she had been through what 
she thought the ideal man was before and had gotten disappointed every 
time. no, she made the right choice, and she loved this man more than 
anything. mr. tokugawa, though he pissed her off at times, he was hers, 
and she was not going anywhere. 
“sometimes i worry,” she continued. “did we make the right choice 
coming here to tokyo?” she looked away from him and said, “after this 
with okami, i do not know anymore. i knew it would not be easy for either 
one of us, but i never considered it might affect our child. i don’t think i 
will ever be able to forgive myself for being so selfish.” she looked up at 
her husband, her eyes wide and round. “kazi, i don’t think i am the 
woman you met, and married all those years ago. something has changed 
inside of me, and i am afraid for the first time in years, that it is only going 
to get worse for us. let’s leave this place. are your plans for you, and this 
family really worth more than the well-being of our daughter? we can go 
back to st.  croix. the connections we have made, and who my parents 
are will keep us extremely comfortable. it won’t be like it is here, but we 
will be happy again.” 
kazuhiro held onto his wife, putting his hand on her head, and pulling 
her close to lay her head once again on his chest. “we can’t leave, especially 
now. we are too close. once we have established this family back to its 
original strength, we can go anywhere we want. i promise you that.” the  
fear of what was to come flashed through ayako’s mind, and it was too 
much to bear. she pushed away from her husband and went back to 
preparing the food. 
as she rifled through the bags, she said, “haven’t we lost enough? we 
almost lost okami, and i fear if this continues i may even lose you. i could 
not live with you no longer here with me.” he moved in close to his wife 
and put his hands on her waist. “don’t touch me, kazi,” she said over her 
shoulder. he hesitated but held her even tighter. she looked back down at 
the countertop and said, “tell me this: just tell me we are going to be ok, 
no matter what happens, we are going to be ok. i need to hear from you. i 
will always be there for you, right by your side, no matter what, but i 
need you to tell me that you are going to get us through this.” 
kazuhiro looked up into the sky and said, “i cannot lie to you, not that 
it would matter because you would see straight through my words. what 
i will tell you is that never before in my life have i ever been so clear in my 
actions and that everything that could be thought of i have. i need you to 
trust me. we both have been through a lot and sacrificed much, and i take 
none of it lightly.” he turned her around and looked deep into her 
beautiful eyes. “ayako, the two of you mean more to me than you will ever 
know, and i will give my life to protect what i consider to be the source of 
my life. i just want you to trust that i will protect you both no matter 
what.” he wanted to tell her that he had exhausted every asset and thought 
he had. he wanted to tell her that he was clueless about what was going to 
happen next and that he could not predict anything anymore. he wanted 
to tell her that only time would tell. he knew he couldn’t do that — not  
now, not at this moment. every woman has her point of breaking, no 
matter how strong she was, and he saw that ayako was close to hers. all 
he wanted to do was fix this, and make all of it go away, but no matter 
what he did, there was just one challenge after another to solve. he was 
never tired of any of this, but he knew she would if he failed to be the man 
that she once married. he kissed her on her neck, and slowly left her side. 
he let his hands pass over her waist, following the contour of her lower 
back, then let his hands drop to his side and walked out the door. 
ayako looked at him and watched her husband leave. she could feel 
that he was not being completely truthful with her, but she wanted to 
believe that everything would be ok, so she refused to question anymore. 
she decided that no matter what, she was going to be there for her 
husband, even if it meant burning half of this city down. she grinned and 
huffed, knowing that she actually could do it for real. the only thing tying 
her to this wretched city was him. 
kazuhiro put on his shoes and walked out the front door. his driver 
sat in the front seat of the car, reading a magazine, and quickly tried to hide 
it once he saw his boss walking up to the door. he hopped out and ran 
around the car to open up the door. kazuhiro said, “no, we are going to 
walk today.” 
“yes, sir,” the young man replied, looking extremely confused. they 
had not walked anywhere for quite some time. he closed the car door 
and posted himself by kazuhiro’s side. as kazuhiro walked toward the 
front gate, his guards with no question assumed their assigned places by his 
side, one on each side, their eyes scanning everywhere and everything,  
having the presence of hyper-vigilance, yet at the same time looking 
extremely relaxed. it was a skill that took a great deal of practice, and his 
men were masters of it. they walked down the streets of tokyo. 
kazuhiro had forgotten how beautiful this city was, and how much he 
loved this place: the crowded streets, the bars and restaurants, and how the 
people acted as if they did not care but noticed everything. it was what he 
grew up with, and the thought of leaving this place was unpleasant. 
he saw the tea house that he went to many years ago when he first moved 
here to this community. he and his men crossed the street and walked 
inside. 
the hostess met him at the front door with a bow and started to ask 
him questions about seating and how many, but she was quickly 
interrupted by the owner of the establishment, who came around the 
corner. he was a middle-aged man about ten years older than kazuhiro. 
he bowed deeply and said, “tokugawa kazuhiro, it has been quite some 
time. please come in.” he motioned for the hostess to take care of 
kazuhiro’s men, which pretty much meant letting them sit anywhere they wanted. 
he walked kazuhiro to what used to be his favorite room when he visited 
this tea house frequently. he sat kazuhiro down and said, “would you 
like anything? i just got a new batch of sake in. you will be the first 
customer to break the seal if you so choose.” 
“that sounds like a good idea, and when you return come drink with 
me.” the owner of the small tea house looked at kazuhiro and bowed. he 
returned a few minutes later with two small cups and a fairly large  
container holding sake. it was not uncommon for the sake to be served in 
a tea house; however, this man only served the best of everything, and he 
charged well for it. the man sat down, poured kazuhiro a cup, and then 
poured his own. they sat and talked about the old times, where they were 
now, and what they planned for the future. before he knew it, kazuhiro sat 
with his old acquaintance for three hours full of sake and sweets. kazuhiro 
politely excused himself. he bowed and assured his host that he would 
return. both of them were drunk, but kazuhiro was a man who had the 
discipline of appearance, and if he was wasted no one could tell how 
much. he could fight sober or drunk, and not miss a beat either way. he 
put his shoes on, stepped out into the comfortably warm outside, and 
took a deep breath. his men were right by his side, and this time the cars 
were waiting for him. one of his men opened the door, and kazuhiro 
stepped inside. not that he would object to walking again, but he was 
quite relieved that someone was paying enough attention to know that the 
car would be a much-welcomed comfort. 
when he arrived home, he walked through the door and announced 
his presence. normally, he would hear something, but this time it was 
silence. he called out again, slightly stumbling over his own feet as he 
walked to the stairs, and quickly regained his balance. he heard his wife’s 
voice this time saying, “up here.” it was not her normal sound; there was 
stress in it, and he quickly climbed the stairs. once he made it to the top 
and turned the corner, he saw ayako frantically knocking on the 
bathroom door, calling out okami’s name and saying, “okami, honey, 
open the door! it’s mommy.”  
kazuhiro walked up to his wife and asked, “what is wrong?” 
she responded, “i am not sure, but she woke up a few hours ago. i fed 
her, and when she was done, she sat at the table for a while, as she has for 
the past few days. i went to get something from the pantry, and when i 
returned she was no longer there.” 
kazuhiro knocked on the door and said, “okami, it’s your father. 
please open the door.” but there was no response. he could hear 
movement, but she would not answer him. 
ayako placed her hand on his shoulder and said, “one of my sushi 
knives is missing from the counter.” 
he looked at her with alarm and without even thinking raised his foot 
and kicked open the door. the sight that met him crushed his heart, and 
caused time to stand still. her mother gasped and called out okami’s 
name, and covered her mouth. she went for her, but he held his arm out, 
stopping her in mid-stride. kazuhiro stood there at the door, frozen, 
unable to move. his daughter, his little girl, was sitting on the floor in the 
middle of a pool of blood. she looked up at him. her pretty face was 
smudged with her blood; her hands were wet and red. her white gown 
was now red with white splotches here and there. okami finally spoke 
and said, “daddy i can’t feel anything on this side. see?” then she 
lifted the knife in her hand, still dripping with blood, and cut herself again. 
“see? i can’t feel it,” she said in a monotone voice free of emotion. 
kazuhiro walked across the bathroom floor, almost slipping on the 
blood, and knelt next to his daughter, grabbing her knife hand — but not  
before she was able to cut herself one last time. he took it from her with 
very little resistance and yelled out to ayako to go get the car, but his wife 
had already left and was returning with bandages, saying the car was 
already outside. he cradled his little girl in his arms, looking at her wounds. 
she had cut herself on the left arm and left leg. blood was everywhere; 
there was so much blood. he grabbed the bandages from ayako and 
proceeded to apply pressure to the bleeding wounds on her shoulder, and 
the upper part of her thigh. some were deep; some barely scratched the 
surface. okami just watched her father work, looking at the blood on her 
hands, then looking down at the bandages. she reached up and touched 
her father’s face, leaving a fingerprint of blood on his cheek, and said, “i 
love you, daddy. you are the best daddy ever.” 
he looked into his daughter’s eyes, and even though he was not a 
crying man, tears began to swell in his eyes. call it too much sake; call it 
not enough sleep, but he could no longer hold it in, and one tear fell from 
his cheek, splashing onto the floor, merging with the blood. he could see 
life slowly leaving her eyes. he yelled out, saying, “open the door!” he 
quickly snatched his daughter up, ensuring his footing was sure so he 
would not slip. his suit was covered in blood. he darted past her mother, 
who followed right behind him. he dashed down the stairs and into the 
car. the guards stopped for a split second, taken back by the horrific sight. 
he sat holding his daughter. ayako checked and rechecked the bandages, 
monitored her heartbeat, and talked to her to ensure she was still 
conscious. okami would respond to her, but barely. the hospital was 
a 15-minute drive, but his men did the impossible and got them there in  
8 minutes. one of the men jumped out of the car and ran through the 
emergency room’s  doors. ayako helped her husband out of the car, 
taking care of her daughter’s head. once clear of the car, kazuhiro ran for 
the door with all his strength. when he made it through the automatic 
doors, his man was running behind a team of doctors and nurses pushing 
a gurney. 
“please, sir,” one of the nurses said, “put her down here.” he gently 
placed his daughter on the gurney. 
okami would not let go of his neck. he said, “baby, you have to let me 
go so that they can help you.” 
okami whispered in his ear and said, “i’m sorry, daddy. it’s all my 
fault. i let it happen. i’m sorry. please don’t be mad at me. don’t leave me, 
daddy.” 
“it’s ok, honey. i’m right here. i’m not going anywhere.” finally, she 
released her grip and lay down on the gurney. kazuhiro didn’t even notice 
that he was running beside the gurney into the main emergency room 
while he was talking to his daughter. okami could last remember seeing 
her father’s face and holding his hand, and then she drifted off into the 
darkness. 
kazuhiro watched as they wheeled his daughter into the operating 
room. his heart was beyond heavy. he just stood there in the middle of 
the hallway, speechless and unable to move. thoughts raced through his 
mind as if he were on the editing floor of a long movie playing fast forward. 
he turned to look at his wife, who was just standing there looking at him.  
ayako wanted to snap. all her emotions were on the surface, and she 
could not hold them in much longer. she looked at her husband standing 
there and slowly walked over to him. he reached for her hand, but she 
pulled it away, walked over to the benches in the emergency waiting room, 
and sat down. kazuhiro was left standing alone. the medical staff passed 
by him, looking at this fairly large man covered in blood, but none dared 
say a word to him. then one of his men came up behind him and bowed, 
holding a tightly packed, tied package under his arm. mr. tokugawa 
turned around, and the young man stood up and handed him the bag. it 
was a change of clothes: shoes, socks, jacket, and belt. everything he 
usually wore. he took the package into the bathroom, changed his 
clothing, and put the soiled ones back into the bag. he didn’t want to throw 
them away; he felt a connection to them and could not bring himself 
to trash the garments. he emerged from the bathroom, bag in hand, and 
gave it to the young man waiting at the door. “do not throw that bag away 
or wash it,” he said. 
the man quickly bowed and retreated through the automatic doors 
back to the car. the two of them sat and waited for hours. neither one 
said a word. kazuhiro understood his wife was a woman of great poise and 
class and did not expect to see any reaction from her while they were in the 
hospital. however, he knew he was in for it once they got home. he looked 
over at her, and she quickly glanced back at him. he knew that look all too 
well, and he was not looking forward to the words that were to follow. he 
could not worry about that now. he knew she would vent. he also knew 
she would do it at the right time. what he needed to focus on now was  
what his daughter said. it played over and over in his mind, and he could 
not make the connection for anything. was she just delirious, or did she 
mean something? what was she trying to tell him? his thoughts were 
interrupted. 
the surgeon walked through the operating room doors and then 
looked in the tokugawa family’s direction. kazuhiro and his wife stood. 
the doctor bowed and said, “please, mr. and mrs. tokugawa, could you 
follow me?” 
it was customary in japan to bring families into another room to tell 
them good news or bad. he closed the door behind them and said, “your 
daughter is going to be ok. she has lost a great deal of blood, and if it were 
not for the bandages on her wounds, she might not have made it to the 
hospital. her surgery went well: no main arteries were damaged. she is 
going to be ok. i need you to sign these papers; we will place her under 
suicide watch and need your permission for restraints.” 
“you are not getting it,” ayako said to the doctor with a straight face. 
the doctor looked at her and then looked at kazuhiro, then proceeded 
to say, “has your daughter tried to do anything like this before?” 
kazuhiro looked at the man and said, “no!” 
“well, i have seen this before, mr. tokugawa, and she may wake up 
and try this again. the restraints are for her safety.” 
ayako said again in the most formal japanese she could think of, 
“doctor, i thought i said ‘no,’ our daughter did not—”  
kazuhiro gently placed his hand on ayako’s leg. she stopped in the 
mid-sentence. kazuhiro looked up, straightened his posture, then 
leaned forward in his chair. “doctor, my daughter didn’t try to commit 
suicide.  when i came into the room where she was, she was cutting 
herself and saying that she could not feel anything. that is what you 
should be trying to figure out. find out why my daughter cannot feel.” 
“i understand, mr. tokugawa, your concerns, but in her best 
interest—” 
kazuhiro interrupted and said, “i don’t like repeating myself, and i 
don’t like being made to believe that i don’t know what i’m talking about. 
i’m really not used to that. you are a smart man: you would not be a doctor 
if you did not have a certain extent of intelligence. as my wife said, i do 
not believe my daughter was trying to kill herself. i am no longer asking 
you, but i am telling you to find out why my daughter cannot feel. if you 
attempt in any way to have her restrained if i even see so much as a piece 
of dental floss questionably wrapped around her….” he paused and 
leaned back in his chair. looking at the doctor, he said, “so what you 
were saying was that she is scheduled for an mri within the hour, and you 
are going to do everything you can to figure out why my daughter feels 
nothing on her left side, am i correct or did i hear that wrong?” 
the doctor took a deep breath and looked out of the window at the two 
men standing guard. “of course, that is exactly what i was saying, and 
matter of fact, there is a place open for her to get an mri as we speak. it 
just became available.”  
“good, then we will wait for the results, and you will report back to us, 
and tell us what was found.” 
the doctor looked at kazuhiro and said, “i am a surgeon. i don’t— 
kazuhiro glared at the man in such a way that he stopped mid-sentence 
and said, “i will be seeing you once the mri is done.” 
the three of them stood. the doctor bowed. kazuhiro nodded his 
head, but ayako did nothing. as the man left the room, one of the guards 
stopped the doctor, and looked at his hospital id badge, then back at his 
face, then back at his badge again. he was not sure what went on in there, 
but if his boss had to speak, something happened. he nodded his head, 
and the doctor quickly walked down the hall, never looking back, and 
walked straight through the doors. 
ten minutes later, a nurse walked up to them and said, “mr. 
tokugawa?” kazuhiro stood and politely nodded his head. the nurse 
bowed and said, “please follow me. your daughter is being moved to 
receive her mri, and after that, she will be placed in a room. her doctor 
thought the family would like to be close to her during the procedure.” 
kazuhiro looked at his wife and winked; ayako grinned. that was one 
thing that would never get old for her. she always knew she was protected. 
three hours later, okami’s surgeon and her doctor sat with the 
tokugawas, explaining the findings of her mri. “we have performed 
every test that we could,” the surgeon said. “we even performed a blood 
test. i had my friend who is a neurologist test your daughter, and she was 
unable to find anything wrong with her that would explain why she is not  
responding to her neuropathways. the only conclusion we can come up 
with is that she has some psychological block within herself that is keeping 
her from feeling anything.” 
“well then,” okami’s mother said, “then that is something her family 
has to deal with. if you fix the outside, we will worry about the inside. 
thank you, doctor.” 
the doctor looked at her, then at kazuhiro, and decided it would be 
better to speak to them both. “well, your daughter has received a great deal 
of blood, and we need her to stay in the hospital for a few days to see that 
her body does not reject the transfusion. we can monitor her brain and 
sleep activity, as well, while she is here if you two agree with that.” 
ayako said, “that will be fine. where is our daughter now?” 
“she is right this way.” okami’s surgeon looked at kazuhiro and asked, 
“would you be needing me for anything else, sir?” 
kazuhiro turned toward him, bowed, and said, “no, thank you, 
doctor. you have been a great help.” 
the surgeon returned his bow, and then respectfully turned, and left 
the hospital ward. kazuhiro walked into his daughter’s room. it was a very 
comfortable place: warm and inviting. there was a small couch in the 
corner of the room next to the bed. the floor was smooth hospital tile, and 
the blinds were drawn. he pointed to a spot on the wall, and one of his 
men marked it and proceeded to install a video camera in that area. the 
lights were dimmed, and the doctor and his wife stood over okami.  
ayako had asked a question, and the doctor was explaining that, with 
the amount of blood their daughter lost, she would be out for quite some 
time. and when she shall awake, her energy level would be a bit low. ayako 
thanked the doctor for his help and bowed. the doctor did the same, then 
walked past kazuhiro and bowed to him, as well. kazuhiro nodded his 
head and continued on the path to his daughter’s bedside. 
he put his arm around his wife, and she lightly elbowed him in his 
side, causing him to flinch a bit. he turned his eyes to her. “don’t think 
i’m not still mad at you,” she whispered, leaning into his arm. 
“i know,” kazuhiro said, “however, she is going to be ok — just like 
we will be. she is going to need us more than ever.” ayako just looked at 
her daughter and said nothing. he pulled her closer, and she folded her 
arms and leaned her head on his chest. 
“i have work to do, ayako. i have to leave soon, but i’ll be watching if 
you need me.” he leaned in and kissed his wife, then let her go and walked 
out the door. ayako stood, arms still folded, just looking at her daughter. 
“it is going to be ok, eech mwen,” she whispered. “you may be 
daddy’s little girl, but a mother knows her child. we are going to face this 
demon together.” she sat down on her daughter’s bed and held her hand. 
knowing the number of plastic surgeons, and psychologists she had been 
through herself, she knew what it would take to get her daughter back to 
functioning again. 
the first night went by well. okami slept through the night and did 
not stir. she woke up later that morning. her mother was sitting on the  
couch, reading a book. she looked over at her and said, “mom, i’m thirsty.” 
ayako looked up from her book, startled, and quickly got up and poured 
her daughter a glass of water. 
“good morning, my child,” she said. “how are you feeling?”. okami 
tried to sit up in bed but was still a little weak from the night before. her 
mother helped her up and adjusted her pillows, working the controls on 
the bed to place her daughter in a comfortable position. 
“i’m ok,” okami said, as she turned to look out the window. 
“are you hungry?” her mother asked. 
“mmhmm,” okami responded. ayako pulled the rolling table over 
and opened a sealed pack of pudding, dipped the spoon in it, and placed 
the spoon full of pudding into okami’s mouth. her mother sat down on 
the bed and continued to feed her daughter. 
okami looked into her eyes and said, “i’m sorry. i didn’t mean to cause 
any problems.” 
her mother looked over at her daughter and said, “my child, you are 
not, and have never been a problem.” okami reached over and rubbed the 
bandages on her arms. 
“i didn’t mean to hurt myself, mommy. i can’t feel anything. i was 
just trying to feel something — and at the time, it seemed like a good idea. 
i didn’t realize how bad it was until daddy walked in.” 
ayako could hear her daughter’s voice shifting; she was coming back 
around to herself again. she knew that this would take some time, and if 
she pushed okami, she might retreat into herself again, and then never  
come out. they sat together while ayako fed her daughter pudding, and 
they talked. she was even able to get a laugh or two out of her daughter. 
ayako stayed with her all day and well into the night, as every mother 
would if able. 
kazuhiro walked through the doors of the hospital. he was drained. 
between meetings and organizing this function, and that during the day 
he looked forward to sitting down with his daughter. he watched her from 
the camera feed on his phone and was able to see the laugh and smile again, 
that he missed so much. buddha had truly blessed him, and he knew. no, 
he was certain that he had the two best women with him in all of japan. 
she was sleeping now, but he wanted to be there when she awakened. 
he wanted to take his daughter home. he was relieved that she was ok. 
“we are going to be ok,” he thought to himself. “everything is going to 
be fine.” 
as he got closer to the elevator, he held tight to the fairly large hello 
kitty stuffed animal tucked securely under his arm. the doors opened, 
and he and his men got on and rode up to the 23rd floor. he stepped out 
and walked to the ward where his daughter’s room was. he had a stride in 
his walk he had not had for quite some time, and he felt 10 years younger. 
he walked through the door, closing it behind him, and left the men 
outside. 
ayako stood up from the couch, a small lamp attached to the book she 
was reading. when she looked up and saw him with the stuffed animal 
under his arm, she opened her mouth with surprise and placed the book  
down. she quickly tiptoed over to him and said, “oh my god, she is going 
to love that.” she wrapped her arms around him and whispered, “how are 
you?” 
he smiled and said, “i am well.” he put his arm around her waist, 
lifted her a few inches off the ground, and squeezed her hard. she knew he 
was extremely tired, for he would always do that after a long day just to 
prove he was ok and had a bunch of energy still in reserve. she motioned 
for him to come to the couch, and before he sat down, he put the stuffed 
hello kitty on the table next to okami’s bed. he looked at her sleeping so 
peacefully, then walked over to the couch and sat down. “how has she 
been today?” he asked. 
ayako held her excitement in through a whisper. “she talked, kazi! 
she talked all day. she is not back to normal, but she spoke a lot to me.” 
“you two spent a lot of time together, i know,” he whispered back. “i 
watched you.” 
ayako looked up at the camera and said, “oh yeah, that thing.” 
kazuhiro chuckled and said, “well, i’m glad you two talked. it looked 
just like old times.” 
“i know she’s not a baby anymore,” ayako whispered, “but it is good to 
have my child back. at least for a little while.” kazuhiro put his arm around 
his wife, and the two sat there for a moment and looked at their sleeping 
child. then ayako broke the silence and said, “i have to go to the 
bathroom, and then pray. watch your daughter. the water is over there,  
and if you need the nurse, the call button is on the side of the bed, and right 
here against the wall.” 
kazuhiro just looked at his wife and nodded. he knew where 
everything was, but it made no sense in telling her that because she would 
still end up saying it to him, anyway. he grabbed her around the waist and 
tried to feel her up. she slapped his hand with a grin, and said through her 
teeth while pointing at him, “stop it! our daughter is sleeping right there!” 
she put her finger on his chest, took a deep breath, and then turned and 
walked away. he watched her body as she walked to the door and, without 
even turning around, she said, “stop staring at my ass, kazi.” 
god, how he loved looking at her. she glided across the floor, hips 
swaying. her hair was pulled up this time and neatly tucked and folded, 
not a strand escaping. it made her neck look absolutely incredible. she was 
so proportionately well built. he wanted to grab her, but he knew she 
would never stand for that — not here, not now. there were times she was 
more japanese than he was, especially in that aspect, never in public, and 
always dirty in private. 
he grinned as she opened the door, looking at him one last time with her 
big beautiful almond eyes. she smiled, then looked down, and away as she 
closed the door. “that’s ok,” he said to himself. see he had plans once they 
got home. daughter or no daughter, kazuhiro was going to have his wife, 
and there was nothing she was going could do about it but say, “yes.” if 
need be, he would relive college all over again. and see exactly how roomy 
the back seat of a mercedes could really be. he sat down on the couch, 
still grinning from his thoughts earlier. then he looked at his daughter,  
and his smile changed. he could stare at her sometimes for hours, his 
thoughts always going back to when she was a little girl, all the plans he 
had for her, and what he saw her becoming. now she was 15, almost a 
grown woman, and he was still doing the same thing. oh, how he never 
wanted her to grow up. he enjoyed the title ‘daddy’s girl.’ most of his 
colleagues were eager to see their daughters off and married, seeing that as a 
burden lifted from their shoulders. he thought maybe if she would 
have been different, he might have seen it that way. a stubborn, smart, 
driven, beautiful little girl almost the spitting image of her mother. he 
could never see his daughter as a burden and didn’t want to either. 
he walked over to her bed, and gently touched her forehead, then held 
her hand in his. he remembered how tiny her hands used to be, and how 
he would bite them, and make her cry when she was a baby. once she 
became a toddler, every time he tried it, she would try to slap his face, point 
her tiny little finger at him, and yell, “stop it, daddy!” she was always a 
fighter and he knew that she was going to fight through this as well. 
okami started to stir, so he let her hand go, and prepared a moist towel 
for her. he had become used to his daughter sleeping like this ever since 
she had come home the first time from the hospital. sometimes it would 
be small, but most of the time it would end up in a full-blown nightmare. 
he learned not to wake her during these episodes. it really didn’t matter: 
either way she would start screaming; it just would take longer to calm her 
down if disturbed before she chose to end the dream. 
okami’s facial expressions began to change. he had seen them before, 
but this time he paid more attention. her eyes would squint, and her  
mouth would move as if she were in pain. she slowly moved her head left 
to right, and then faster and faster as if saying no to someone. god, why 
hadn’t he noticed this before? 
he stepped away from the bed and watched his daughter. her 
breathing became labored. beads of sweat started forming on his 
daughter’s forehead. she once again shook her head back and forth, then 
opened her mouth, pushing her tongue into the back, and throwing her 
arms open. 
kazuhiro had seen enough. he needed to interfere before she hurt 
herself. he moved forward and leaned in to put her arms back in bed. 
okami started to mumble. normally, her lips moved and nothing more, 
but this time sound came out. it was low and inaudible, at first. the 
volume grew, and as her voice got louder, she began to whisper, “no, no, 
not you, why?” kazuhiro leaned in closer and said, “it’s ok kiddo, i’m 
here.” he knew she could not hear him, but, just in case she did, he 
wanted her to know she was not alone. she was speaking now; he wanted to 
listen. even though it pained him to do so, he had to let his daughter relive 
this. 
“no, no!” she said. she started to lightly kick her legs. “stop it!” she 
said. “i’ve got to get out.” 
kazuhiro whispered in his daughter’s ear and said, “get out of where 
okami?” 
“i’ve got to get out of the house!” 
“whose house, okami?” he asked. “where are you?”  
“i can’t tell anyone — they will never believe me.” 
he said nothing; kazuhiro just listened. 
“i can’t do that! it hurts!” she yelled. 
 
“who baby, who is hurting you?” 
“i can’t tell,” she said over and over again. “i can’t tell. i just have to get 
out.” her face contorted into different expressions: anger, frustration, and 
pain. she began to shake her head faster and faster, and then sat straight 
up, eyes opened, and yelled, “haruo nooo!” 
she was breathing heavily; sweat was dripping from her forehead. her 
hospital gown was wet with perspiration. she held out her hand, and then 
slowly lay back down. she took in a deep breath and slowly let it out. all 
of the stress from her face and body seemed to leave her with the long 
exhale. when she took another breath, it was her regular sleeping rhythm, 
and she lay there as if the dream never happened. 
but kazuhiro knew it had happened. he was there; he heard it all. he 
heard movement behind him, and the sound of a full paper cup hitting the 
floor. he quickly turned and saw ayako standing there, stunned, her face 
white. she looked at her husband and said, “well, that changes everything; 
doesn’t it?” 
   
 
 
 
chapter  7: the dragon  
wakes  up from a very  long  
sleep  
 
 
 
azuhiro looked at his wife, walked over to the hospital room 
window, put his hands behind him, then took in a deep breath. 
ayako slowly walked up to stand next to him. she crossed her 
arms and rested her chin inside the thumb and forefinger of her right hand. 
she stood, silent, waiting for kazuhiro to speak. separately they could 
stand on their own, but together they had the patience of a growing 
mountain. 
kazuhiro’s phone rang and he pulled it out of his suit pocket. 
k  
kazuhiro answered, saying, “yes?” 
satoshi's voice was slow and hesitant on the other end. “hey, i got the 
blood test results back. you are not gonna like this, boss. it was okami’s 
blood.” 
there was a pause, then kazuhiro said, “that is what i expected.” he 
continued to say, “did you read the contents of the letter i gave you the 
last time?” 
“yes,” satoshi answered.  
“good. then do it. now.” 
there was no reply on the other end, just a click. kazuhiro looked at 
his wife. her shoulders dropped for only a moment, and she quickly 
regained her composure. her eyes spoke about what she was feeling, and 
she knew what her husband was planning. “i will stay here with okami,” 
she said. “she will need one of us,” 
kazuhiro said nothing. she reached up, and pulled off his coat jacket, 
neatly folding it and placing it on the couch. he nodded and allowed one 
of his fingers to touch hers. he wanted to grab her and hold her, kissing 
her goodbye; however, his old ways of handling things flooded in on him 
like a broken tar trap. he could not be distracted, not now. not when the 
honor of his family depended more than ever on what he was about to do 
next. he would only get one chance at this. kazuhiro walked to one of the 
corners of the room and knelt, his back straight from the waist to the tip 
of his head as if an invisible line were tied to him and secured to the wall, 
his palms on his thighs, and then he slowly closed his eyes. he cleared his 
mind of all thoughts, and once again dug deep inside of himself and  
awakened the dragon. ayako sat on the couch and did not move. she 
knew what her husband was doing; she had seen it many times before. she 
never worried if he would return; however, this time she was certain after 
tonight that she would never see him again. they both sat still for almost 
an hour, and even okami did not stir as if, even asleep, she could feel the 
energy present within the room. kazuhiro heard the elevator chime, and 
the doors open far on the other end of the ward. he stood up, lifting one 
leg and firmly planting his foot, then the other, and rose to his feet. 
he walked over to ayako and said, “it has begun.” she unfolded his 
suit jacket and ritually slipped one arm inside and then the other, just as 
women in japan had done for their samurai husbands centuries ago. she 
was proud of her husband and felt a sense of honor being married to such 
a brave man. even though part of her was japanese, the other part was st. 
lucian. she still was a west indian woman, and it was in her nature to have 
the last word. she leaned in and kissed him. fixing his lapels, she said, “kill 
that ungrateful son of a bitch, and, if you can, bring his heart to me.” 
kazuhiro nodded his face firm and focused. he turned and slowly 
walked to the door. ayako opened it, and he walked out into the hallway 
of the hospital ward, just in time to see satoshi and a regiment of nurses 
with two or three doctors, followed by a group of men dressed in suits — 
but not yakuza. they had a different walk about them. 
satoshi said in his relaxed, almost sarcastic japanese tone, “ladies and 
gentlemen, this floor is now being occupied by the tokyo police. please 
forgive the intrusion, and i assure you, if you cooperate with us, everything 
here will run smoothly.” kazuhiro walked up to his good friend, and  
satoshi handed him a duffle bag. 
kazuhiro could see some of the men posting themselves around the 
hospital ward: some at doors, others in random places in the hall. he saw 
the nurses being handed okami’s medical records and getting the 
required information from the nurses on duty. a doctor proceeded to 
go into okami’s room, distracted by all of the well-organized 
commotions, and was quickly apprehended by one of satoshi’s men. he 
was then directed to his relief doctor, who quickly asked for her paperwork 
and started going through it, familiarizing himself with his new patient. 
satoshi laughed and said, “you pulled a lot of strings to make this 
happen, didn’t you?” 
kazuhiro just looked at him and nodded. he took a few steps toward 
the exit and then turned to look at his wife who was still standing in the 
doorway of okami’s hospital room. 
satoshi said, “don’t worry about my life, old man!” the two of them 
walked toward the elevator, and kazuhiro stepped in. before the doors 
closed, the two men exchanged glances. 
kazuhiro said in a stern voice, cold and deep, “where is that mother 
fucker?” 
satoshi replied, “as of five minutes ago, he was still at club volume.” 
then the doors closed, leaving the two men standing, each knowing that 
it would be the last time either one would see the other. 
once the elevator started moving, kazuhiro quickly placed the duffle  
bag on the floor and took off his jacket. he turned his attention to the bag 
and its contents. there were a few smoke grenades, a sword, a set of keys, 
and a nine-millimeter glock silencer attached already in its holster. 
kazuhiro popped the magazine to make sure it was full and chambered a 
round; then he pressed checked to make sure the bullet was well-placed 
home, hit the safety, and holstered the weapon. “you really outdid 
yourself, satoshi,” he said aloud. 
the gun laws were strict in japan. getting caught with a gun in japan 
was far worse than most yakuza wanted to deal with. however, this was a 
one-way trip for kazuhiro and a wet-behind-the-ears rookie police officer 
was the least of his worries. he put his jacket on, adjusted his new 
accessories to make sure there were no bulges, then reached down, and 
picked up the duffle bag while at the same time, the elevator doors opened. 
kazuhiro walked through the elevator doors, then out of the hospital. he 
reached into his pocket, grabbed the keys, and rounded the corner. he 
threw the duffle bag onto the back of a dunlop motorbike, which was 
parked and waiting for him. putting on his helmet, he started the bike up 
and sped off into the night. 
tamotsu pulled out his phone and quickly looked up. he looked over 
at his boss and took a deep breath. haruo was in his normal spot in the 
vip, three bottles already down. he was surrounded by the usual close 
friends, groupies, and business associates. he was listening to one of them 
telling a story while a petite bleached blonde russian girl with large breasts 
and wide hips sat on his lap, occasionally putting food in his mouth, 
and handing him his drink now and then.  
tamotsu walked over to him and whispered in his ear. haruo stopped 
laughing, then tapped the girl sitting on his lap. she slid off onto the couch. 
he whispered in tamotsu’s ear, then sat up. tamotsu made a hand 
gesture, and all the men with them dropped what they were doing, and 
headed in toward their assigned spots. 
haruo said, “i am sorry to have to cut this celebration short. however, 
i have something very important that just came up.” the group verbally 
expressed their disappointment, and some of the girls showed pouty faces. 
“i know, i know,” haruo said, “and we were having so much fun. 
especially you, my dear,” as he looked at one of the girls, and made her 
blush. then he turned and said, “let’s not forget about you, either,” as he 
touched the face of another. 
tamotsu leaned in and whispered in his ear, “we need to leave now.” 
haruo straightened his suit jacket, slightly bowed, and said, “until we 
see each other again.” on their way toward the door, haruo said, “let’s go 
out through the back.” they shifted direction and went from back, and 
through the kitchen. 
“so, the old man found out, didn’t he?” haruo said. “i guess i didn’t 
get as deep into her head as i thought. she was a resilient little bitch.” 
tamotsu did not answer. haruo looked at him and said, “relax, we are 
gonna be fine.” 
“yes, i know, but remember we are talking about the dragon,” 
tamotsu replied, still looking around. 
“yeah, who taught me everything i know, as well. if you do exactly  
what i told you, the two of us — i can guarantee — will survive the rest of 
these guys. it’s an honor for them to give their lives protecting me.” 
“as it would be for me,” tamotsu interjected. 
“yes, yes, i know, my warrior-minded friend. die in battle or combat, 
la la la. it’s all wonderful and good, but you are still dead, and that is 
something i cannot afford to happen right now. serve me well, and 
you’ll get your chance — i promise you that. where is the fucking car?” 
haruo asked tamotsu through his teeth. 
“it’s coming. it’s right there,” as the car pulled up, and came to a halt. 
tamotsu stepped forward to lead as he always did, but this time haruo 
held out his arm and allowed the other guards to pass. he whispered 
to tamotsu saying, “wait, he’s already here.” 
one of the guards opened the door for haruo, placing his hand on the 
door. his fingers exploded as if he were hit with a sledgehammer. he fell 
to his knees, screaming in pain. then they heard the steady pank pank 
pank of small subsonic projectiles hitting the passenger side door. a few of 
them made it inside the cabin and bounced around the bullet-proof glass, 
one lodging itself in the temple of the driver, sending his brain and parts of 
his ear against the window. haruo just made a face, and said silently to 
himself, eww, i wonder if it hurt? but he just stood there and did not move. 
one of his men ran to open the door back to the club, and he went 
down, body falling like a noodle. the only noise he made was a thud. they 
were in a bind: they couldn’t get into the car; they couldn’t go back into 
the club; so all they did was surround haruo, and draw their swords.  
kazuhiro approached the group, every man ready for the attack. he 
held up his arm, and pointed it at haruo, and as trained and practiced 
many times, his remaining men began to move around him, creating a blur 
of human bodies to make it difficult for their boss to get hit. but kazuhiro 
had no plans on shooting the young punk. he did intend on increasing 
his odds. running up to a group of 12 men with just a sword, and 
kicking everyone’s ass is something you see in movies or read in cheesy 
fiction books. this was real, and kazuhiro understood that anything 
could happen, and nothing was going to get in the way of his cutting 
that little punk's heart out. 
calm down, he said to himself. just let it happen. he pulled the trigger three 
more times hitting two of the guards in the head. one dropped to his knees, 
and just looked at his hands before he fell over. the other just walked 
straight and didn’t stop until he bumped into the wall of the club. he fell 
over, but his legs kept kicking. haruo cursed because he had gotten 
blood and bits of brain on his jacket, thinking to himself, this is never 
going to come out. 
kazuhiro threw down his weapon and lifted his sword. haruo looked 
at tamotsu and said, “now!” but tamotsu ran away in the opposite 
direction.  haruo  yelled  out,  “where  the hell  are you  going?” the 
remaining men ran for kazuhiro, swords drawn. they were very well 
trained; however, they spent most of their time fighting and practicing 
with bamboo sticks. this was the real thing, and they were fighting one of 
the best swordsmen in all of japan. kazuhiro knew the ins and out of how 
this could end. he knew it, he designed it.  
kazuhiro realized he couldn’t kill any more of them, but no one said 
anything about maiming. he deflected a blow from one sword, cutting off 
one of the men's hands, then taking a piece out of his bicep. the young 
man let out a blood-curdling scream and dropped his sword, gripping his 
arm. 
that’s one, kazuhiro said to himself. in the same fluid motion, he 
dropped to one knee, using his sword to take out the femoral artery of 
another. that makes two. 
he blocked a blow going directly for his head, sliding himself forward. 
he grabbed the hand of the guard and passed his blade over the stomach, 
making sure not to cut too deep, but he separated the bottom half of the 
young man’s blazer from the top. he flipped him over and while still in 
the air, kazuhiro stood up and slammed the handle of the sword into the 
back of the man’s neck, between the skull and shoulder blade. he won’t be 
walking for quite some time. three. 
two men swung at the same time. kazuhiro blocked one blow and 
stepped behind the man attempting the other. “flow like a leaf. stay 
focused on what you want,” he said to himself, and he swung his blade 
downward, cutting both of the man’s achilles tendons. the man dropped 
to his knees, screaming in pain, still moving from the momentum of the 
last cut. kazuhiro slid the sword into the second man’s shoulder purposely 
missing his lung. he won’t be able to use that for a month. four and five. 
they should be a bit more hesitant now, but who knows? kazuhiro 
forgot how much he enjoyed this: no past, no future, just present. he  
loved how his body just flowed, even at this age. one moment, one 
chance, one lifetime. no one else came at him. the whole ordeal took 
no longer than 45 seconds. he was surrounded by blood and the 
screaming and wailing of grown men. the reality of it all is that unless 
you kill a man or he is in shock, very seldom does anyone suffer in 
silence when you cause them enough pain. kazuhiro flicked his sword, 
and for the first time now put both hands on the handle of his blade. he 
used his peripheral vision and ears to check his six. 
haruo still stood there. the two remaining guards stood by him, 
swords over their heads and ready. haruo wanted to speak, but everything 
was happening way too fast, and he didn’t want to lose his window of 
opportunity with words. the remaining two men came at kazuhiro, 
splitting apart — one taking the left side, the other right. kazuhiro ran past 
both of them, heading straight for haruo’s raised sword. he intended to 
cut him in half from his clavicle straight through the left lung, dividing his 
heart, and severing his spinal column. 
the boy would be dead before the cut was complete, but kazuhiro 
just wanted to watch it all, having the satisfaction of seeing this little shit 
bleed all over the pavement. haruo just stood there and watched this man, 
12 feet, this killer, the dragon, 10 feet, come at him with a speed, 8 feet, 
and force he had never seen before. it was beautiful: the grace, his footing, 
the total focus, how he swung his blade. and every block was an attack, 
and every attack just led to the next move. it was real poetry in motion, 7 
feet. haruo reached up and pulled the sunglasses down his face, and rested 
them on the bridge of his nose. then pop! a flash of light hit kazuhiro’s  
eyes, blinding him completely. “ouch,” he thought, but it didn’t matter. 
he knew where his target was. his mind willed the sword down, expecting 
to feel the blade hit solid, but instead, his body could not move. kazuhiro 
was stuck, frozen, the sword above his head, one foot behind the other, 
but he could not move. his body vibrated violently as the voltage from a 
stun gun pulsed through every fiber of his body. 
haruo wasted no time. he drew his baton, flipped it out, and hit 
kazuhiro on the wrist, then his chest, stomach, and back of the legs. the 
taser pulse stopped, and kazuhiro dropped to his knees, sword falling to 
the ground. haruo hit him in the back of the head, and kazuhiro saw stars. 
contrary to popular belief, people do not always black out when hit like 
that. however, the pain is so intense that movement becomes 
extremely difficult, and that’s all the other person needs to finish you off, 
and haruo did just that. he put kazuhiro’s arms behind him, zip-tied his 
wrist and his ankles, then he and tamotsu picked him up and threw him 
in the back seat of the car. 
haruo looked at tamotsu and said, “see?” as he took a deep breath. “i 
told you it would work.” tamotsu looked around at all the men lying, and 
moaning all over the ground. 
“yeah,” he said. “i wonder what this would look like if it didn’t work 
out?” 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
chapter  8: it seems  we are 
at a crossroad  
 
 
 
azuhiro just lay in the back seat. his head felt like it was about 
to split open into two, and every muscle in his body felt like he 
overdid it at the gym. he could feel his body crying for help. he could 
hear haruo and tamotsu speaking, but he couldn’t make out 
what they were saying. 
he knew they would be on the phone for a while managing clean-up, 
calling in favors, and figuring out who was going to handle what, when it 
came to media and public opinion. he knew his name would never come 
up, even with something this bad. no one could afford to mention it. 
k  
there were a lot of people who owed him favors, and he had enough 
information on most of them to put them away for a lifetime or have 
them disbarred, and some of them a little bit of both. he kept thinking of 
his daughter lying in the hospital bed, with cuts on her arms, calling out 
haruo’s name. he closed his eyes and rolled over on the leather seats. now 
all he had to do was wait. he didn’t get his chance at the club; however, he 
was still alive, which meant there would be another time. 
in the old days, he would be ready to take his own life, but he kept 
seeing images of his daughter and his beautiful wife. he realized how 
much traveling had changed him, and how much being married to the 
woman he loved transformed his thoughts into something more, 
something deeper and calmer. 
he rode around in the backseat of the car for what felt like a good 
45 minutes. then haruo leaned over the passenger’s seat and poked him 
with the sheathed end of his sword. “hey,” he said, poking him with 
every word. “are you awake back there, hellooo?” poke poke poke. 
kazuhiro just opened his eyes, slowly turned his head, and looked at 
haruo. “oh yeah, he’s awake. what happened to the big bad dragon 
now? you know for the longest time, i looked up to you. thought you 
were the coolest thing ever. but you changed, teach—,” he paused. “i can’t 
even finish that word. you are nothing to me anymore. all that talks 
about honor and the nation bringing japan higher than it has ever been. 
how do you plan on doing that with your family and the polluted 
bloodline?”  
“you don’t get it, do you?” kazuhiro finally spoke. 
“oh wait, he speaks,” haruo said. “what do i not get? that out of all the 
beautiful japanese women, you had to pick one that was not even 
japanese? what was so wrong with my cousin, huh? she loved you, and 
when she found out you were getting married to someone else, she jumped 
out of her window, kazuhiro, her own damn window! the worst part of it 
is she fell in front of a truck, which dragged her for a block before the 
driver stopped. she was gorgeous, but once they pulled her from under 
that truck, the only way we could identify the body was from her 
tattoos, kazuhiro!” then he yelled out, “the tattoos! you did that to her. 
you did it over for some half-mixed whore from another country.” 
kazuhiro turns his eyes to haruo. 
“oh yeah, you don’t like that, do you? by the way, your little half-
baked plan trying to gain lost honor, and regain the power of the 
tokugawa name, well, you just fucked that up tonight. i knew there was 
no way i could stop you. you had a fool-proof plan — brilliant, actually. i 
needed to have what was inside you come out, and i had no way of doing 
that until i saw your pretty little okami. then it all made sense to me and 
tada!” he said in a sarcastic voice and here you are!” 
tamotsu said, “we are here.” 
“oh well, we are here. my father is going to love to see you.” 
kazuhiro turned his head and looked up at the ceiling. haruo hit him 
with the scabbard end of the sword. “hey! i’m talking to you!” 
kazuhiro just turned his head slowly, looked at the boy, and then  
returned his gaze to the ceiling. the car drove through a guarded gate and 
pulled around the back to the loading dock. tamotsu and haruo got out, 
and opened the passenger’s side door, pulling kazuhiro out. they carried 
him up the stairs, and into the loading elevator where a few men were 
waiting. they laid him on the elevator floor. tamotsu put his card in front 
of the reader and hit the button for the top floor. 
satoshi sat behind the nurses’ station wearing scrubs, and a doctor’s 
lab coat, with his legs up on the desk, and reading a magazine. he would 
say wisecracks from time to time and make the nurses in the station laugh. 
ayako stuck her head out of the hospital door. satoshi lifted his head and 
said, “hey mrs. t, you ok? need anything?” 
ayako grinned and shook her head. “no, not really. how is everything 
out here for you?” 
“it’s all quiet for now. i’m just talking with the ladies. they are 
keeping me entertained and sane.” 
ayako rolled her eyes and said, “i see.” shaking her head, she added, 
“aren’t you a bit old to still be so juvenile, satoshi?” 
“hell no, mrs. t! i’ll never be that old.” then he turned to a nurse and 
winked. she giggled. “see? they keep me young.” 
ayako just shook her head and stuck it back into the doorway. she 
turned to look at her daughter and practically tripped over one of the 
guards in her room. she playfully backhanded the young man in his chest, 
and whispered, “you don’t have to follow me so close. the room is only 
so big.” if she had to be stuffed in this room, she figured she might as  
well make it fun. that was the only want to keep her heart from sinking every 
minute. she walked over to her daughter’s bed. 
okami was still sound asleep, unaware of the events that had taken 
place. a nurse sat by her bed, just in case she needed any medication. 
“my sweet child, we are going to make this right,” she whispered. “even 
if i have to do it al
 by myself, we are going to get past this. i promise you.” 
kazuhiro now sat on the floor of his oyabun, or big boss, his hands still 
zip-tied behind him. he was in the main room. tatami mats covered the 
floor. well-decorated columns stood in steady rows, going straight up the 
room, and stopping at the stage where a small table sat on a large pedestal. 
kazuhiro sat with his head down, not in sorrow but in concentration. he 
needed to keep his mind clear. he could not let it get to him. haruo 
knelt on the other side of the room, facing the stage quietly, waiting for 
his father’s presence. the doors on the side of the stage opened, and two 
men stepped out and knelt on either side of the door. katashi ishikawa 
stepped out, walked to his pedestal, and kneeled, followed by his two 
bodyguards, who knelt on either side of him. katashi pulled the desk up 
close to him, and read the paperwork that was placed before his stepping 
up to his place. he looked down with no movement.  
after a few moments, he looked up, his face void of expression. 
looking straight at kazuhiro, katashi in a low deep but firm voice said, 
“take those off him.” one of the guards sitting next to kazuhiro pulled 
out his knife and cut the zip ties off of his wrist, then cautiously scooted 
his body diagonally behind him. “this is unexpected, unacceptable,” 
katashi continued. “you come into my house. i treat you like a son.  
you know that. i have known you for many years. you have been a part of 
this family for quite some time.” then he raised his voice, saying, “and 
now you want to take something from me that’s mine because of some 
misunderstanding! tokugawa kazuhiro,” he says “ you have dishonored 
yourself, this family, and me. i don’t give a shit what you think my son 
might have done. you should have come to me right away. but instead, 
you decided to take matters into your own hands, as if you are the boss. i 
want to see you dead either by your hands or mine, but preferably my 
own. unfortunately, you have weaseled your way into every deep pocket 
this clan has. i can’t kill you, nor can i allow you to kill yourself — even 
though seppuku would be a more honorable death for you.” he 
continued, “it would be a delight watching you spill your guts all over this 
floor, and i would not take your head, either. however, as i said, if 
something happens to you, then something happens to my bank 
account, and as much as i hate to admit this, business is always over family, 
so it seems we are at a crossroads.” 
haruo tensed and motioned to speak. his father looked at him and 
then nodded his head. he looked at tamotsu. tamotsu reached into his 
pocket and hit “send” on his phone. his bodyguard just sat there. haruo 
slightly grinned, then spoke. “father, if he must live, someone must die. 
he took many lives tonight, and it is only fair that retribution is given.” 
then haruo returned to his place. 
“did you make it happen?” he mouthed to tamotsu. tamotsu 
nodded, and mumbled, “yes, sir.”. katashi added, “i understand your 
concerns. however, nothing must happen to kazuhiro at this time.”  
while sitting behind the nurses’ station, satoshi came to life and said, 
“ok people, it’s, umm, it’s….” he paused, snapping his fingers on both 
hands. “what the hell do you say at a time like this?” 
one of the nurses passed by him giggling and said, “how ‘bout it’s 
going time?’” as she passed. 
he looked at her, then down her well-crafted body and sexy long legs. 
“god, those calves!” he said out loud. he lit up and said, “i like it! ok 
people, it’s gotime!” there was a brief pause, and then business as usual. 
satoshi looked around, and just marveled at his work. for the 
untrained and even trained eyes, this floor looked like a regular ward doing 
business as usual. he would pat himself on the back, but then that would 
be way too arrogant. note to self, he thought, i need to get nurse sexy legs to pat 
me on the back for my brilliance. he smiled, smoothed out his white lab coat, slid 
his mock glasses on his head down over his eyes, sat on the chair behind 
the nurses’ station, propped his feet up on the desk, and said, “and now 
we wait.” 
kazuhiro sat at a table with a tray in front of him, his hands on his 
thighs, looking straight ahead. katashi looked up from his desk once 
again and said, “well, i can’t kill you, but you will give me an apology.” 
kazuhiro looked at the big boss and said, “katashi, you have known 
me for some time now. i have always had a reason for my actions. my 
movements against your son have been warranted. it does not 
matter—” 
katashi raised his voice. “you did not come to me,” he said through  
tightly clenched teeth. kazuhiro knew that this would be a  useless 
conversation and that he was receiving what he had planned, but the only 
thing he was concerned about now was the protection of his family. if he 
pursued any further retribution, his wife and daughter would have trouble 
staying alive and well taken care of. it was one thing, protecting them 
from one overzealous and ambitious little boy, but they could not defend 
themselves against all of tokyo. he would get his chance; all he had to do 
was wait, even if it meant, for now, appearing as if he were submitting to 
whatever demands were given to him. judging by how cool haruo 
looked, he pretty much assumed that satoshi had his hands full. he could 
not have chosen a better person to be by his side. he had made up for 
saving his life countless times, yet he still stayed around. the debt that was 
owed was no longer on satoshi but on kazuhiro, and if granted a longer 
life, he knew that he would never be able to repay satoshi for what he 
expected was about to happen tonight. 
the seven sat in the tightly cramped van, carrying lab coats, badges, 
and stethoscopes. the lead thug said, “here is what they look like,” and 
passed a digital notepad around with the pictures of ayako and okami. 
“good god,” one of them said, “what a waste — mom is hot! i wouldn’t 
mind stabbing her for fun.” 
“shut up, gimpy,” one of them said. “you need a penis pump to pee. 
you wouldn’t know what to do with a real woman like that.” 
they all laughed and the leader said, “yeah, not to mention your short 
ass would need a ladder just to get to it. ok guys, team one: you hit the  
stairs; team two: you are going through the elevator. let’s do this quickly, 
in and out 20 minutes max. you have 7 minutes to get to your positions. 
we move in 10 minutes exactly. watches set!” he commanded as he looked 
down at his watch, then said, “now.” 
the van doors opened and they poured out of the vehicle, one team 
going up the stairs, the other through the doors of the hospital straight 
for the elevator. toru entered the elevator. these two must be extremely 
important, he thought. he had never been paid so much for such an easy 
job. he had done a lot more for less. he had never been able to do anything 
else as well as he did this. he enjoyed the blood and the occasional 
screams, but most of all, he loved the money. this was a great business. it 
should be a crime to do so much of what he loved and get paid for it. oh 
wait, it was a crime to do what he was about to do, but hell, he was still 
getting paid for it. 
as the elevator doors opened, he stepped out onto the ward floor, 
bringing with him a ‘penis pump.’ he never bothered remembering the 
name of anyone he worked with. if they died, it was best to forget them 
anyway, and if they lived, he had all the information he needed in his head 
transferred to a computer in a file, locked away for the next job. the 
two of them walked down the hall. toru talked to him as if he were 
a new intern checking out the hospital. he looked around: so far, so good. 
nurses and doctors darted this way and that. he walked over to the nurses’ 
station and said, “yes, i would like to see the paperwork for tokugawa 
okami.” 
a medium-height doctor with black-framed glasses and broad  
shoulders took his feet off the desk and kicked himself over to the patient 
file area. “so you are the new doctor they were talking about coming over 
to check her out?” 
toru looked at him trying to seem annoyed. “yes, as if i don’t have 
enough to do with the patients i already have. but they want me to show 
this rookie around, so a doctor’s work is never done.” 
“oh cool, i remember those times,” the black frame-wearing doctor 
replied, still having not handed over the paperwork. 
“yeah, i’m sure you do. hey, not to be rude,” toru says, “but i need 
to get going. i have a lot of ground to cover and i’m just getting started.” 
“oh, oh, yeah, sure,” the other doctor said, handing it to him and then 
pulling away to say something else. “you know what? how ‘bout i go with 
you? i would love to walk down memory lane when it comes to briefing 
interns.” 
toru looked at the man and the kid said, “sure, that would be great. 
the more people i have around me, the better i know.” toru looked 
around and saw that everyone was gone. it was very quiet, but sometimes 
hospital floors got that way. he had done enough of these jobs in hospitals 
to know this. not only that, but if anything were going down, this dummy 
doctor here would make for a great distraction. 
satoshi handed bozo one of the files and said, “this is awesome! i get 
to hang out with you guys on a walk along, like in the hospital movies. so 
tell me, how long have you been a doctor here at the hospital?” satoshi puts 
his hands in his lab coat pocket.  
“well, not that long. as i said, i just got here.” 
“oh yeah, that’s right, that’s right,” satoshi said. “forgive me, i get so 
carried away with meeting new people, i forget half the things they tell 
me.” 
the two men looked at each other and approached the door. 
toru opened the door and reached up, and put his arm around the 
shoulders of the stocky doctor, while penis pump pulled out his knife to 
stab him in his gut. however, something was not going right. the doctor 
seemed to not be there when he went to stab him, toru was gripping him 
under the arm, and he was bleeding profusely. the young man turned 
to look for the missing doctor and met face-to-face with him, just as 
satoshi said, “funny how that happens.” as he ran the blade of his 
karambit along the young 
man’s abdomen. then he rode the blade up the side of his ribs, and severed 
his brachial artery under his arm while saying, “you come  in for a quick 
execution, and then some random guy comes in and fucks it all up for you.” 
the pain for the young man was so excruciating, he could no longer 
stay on his feet. penis pump fell forward, and satoshi used the young 
man’s body weight to allow his blade to enter his throat. satoshi's arm 
was far enough over to where he was able to get the carotid on both sides, 
including his windpipe. the young man gurgled, and satoshi let him fall to 
the floor. then he stepped to the side, and took the blade of his karambit, 
turning it down and saying, “don’t worry, i have not forgotten about 
you.” then he quickly inserted it, right above toru’s clavicle, turning  
his palm up. this move broke the clavicle, rendering the arm on that side 
useless. “i can’t have you trying to kill me,” said satoshi as he dropped to 
his knees and cut toru's achilles tendons. “thought i would invite you 
to stick around for a bit.” then he pulled the two men inside the hospital 
room and shut the door. 
one of the nurses passed by and dropped a nice amount of absorbent 
pads over the pool of blood while the janitor finished the job, making the 
blood no more. “ok,” satoshi said, “we don’t have a lot of time. how 
many of you are there? we got asian bieber over here,” satoshi pointed at 
the dead young man with his knife hand. “hmm, let’s see, you don’t do 
your homework. you get men younger than you to work with. you are 
violent, but not smart, so i am assuming i can expect five more, right?” 
toru looked away. “ha! i knew it!” satoshi excitedly whispered. “ok, 
well, i’ll let ya get back to dying.” 
he did not need to keep the attempted murderer around. satoshi could 
tell when a person was lying and could read people. he got everything he 
needed from just a look. so he no longer had any use for him. he inserted 
the blade underneath  toru’s sternum and pressed in, piercing two 
quadrants of his heart. he knew it had to hurt; he hoped it did. as he 
walked away, and the man bled out into his diaphragm, satoshi said, “you 
tried to kill my family. he turned and looked at the man, and just shook 
his head. “your type is always so ready to kill, but you have no idea how to 
die.” he spent a millisecond watching toru die on the floor, then 
satoshi turned off the lights, and shut the door. he motioned to the 
team and held up five fingers. some moved toward the stairs; others  
headed for the elevator. 
satoshi opened the door to okami’s hospital room and looked in 
at ayako. he nodded his head, and she nodded back. he closed the door 
and then stood in the middle of the hall. he looked at his watch and 
said, “5, 4, 3, 2,2,2,2.” the elevator dinged and then the doors to the 
stairwell flew open. two men got tossed through, another being carried. 
by the way, his body moved, satoshi figured he was dead or close to it. 
the elevator doors opened and nurse sexy legs kicked the other two 
through the door, handcuffed, and stumbling into the wall. oh yes, she 
most definitely was going to pat him on the back for being so incredible. 
annnnnnd 1!!! 
right on time, satoshi thought as he looked at his watch. he loved it 
when his plans worked out well. the five thugs were placed on the 
floor. well, four of them were; the fifth kind of just flopped there. 
satoshi’s people got them on their knees, standing behind them. he 
started to speak to them when the hospital door to okami’s room slowly 
opened and ayako stepped out. satoshi looked at her and said, 
“heeyyyy, mrs. t, ummm, we are in the middle of some clean-up.” 
“yeah, i can see that satoshi. my husband is on a one-way trip to honor 
my daughter, who is in a hospital bed because someone my husband is 
about to kill put her there. now we have five men on a hospital floor who 
were sent here to take us both out. i think i can handle what i know you 
are about to do.” satoshi held up his finger in protest and then his body 
relaxed in defeat. “ok you got it,” he said. “well, stand here.”  
satoshi turned to the men and said, “hello, gentlemen! i’m sure you 
are wondering why i called you here today. well, you have been selected 
— oh, the hell with it.” satoshi looked at their faces. 
“they are not going to talk,” ayako said, then she walked over to one 
of the men and reached into the jacket of one of satoshi’s men standing 
behind him, and pulled out a short sword called a katana. she looked over 
at satoshi and said, “see, you have four men.” 
she unsheathed the sword and thrust it straight down through the 
inside of his shoulder, piercing the aortic arch of his heart. he took a deep 
breath and then fell face first on the floor as the life drained from his 
body. “now you have three, that will be a hell of a lot more cooperative.” 
the three men looked at each other and spilled their guts. satoshi wrote 
down everything. mrs. tokugawa sat down and took it all in. after about 
20 minutes of questions, with answers that encouraged more questions, 
satoshi said, “well, that’s all i need to know. thank you for your 
cooperation gentlemen. he nodded and his people standing behind the 
three men reached into their lab coats, inserted a needle into their necks, 
and then walked away. the three men convulsed and fell to the floor, 
violently shaking, then going silent. “ahh, yes — the grand finale,” satoshi 
said aloud, not really to anyone. he walked over to one of the bodies 
as he headed for the nurses’ station, ayako right behind him. 
“so, how are you gonna get rid of them?” she asked. 
“we are in a hospital, mrs. t. this is the land of dead bodies,” satoshi 
answered, as the people working around them opened up body bags and  
started stuffing the men inside. he continued, “see, with the right timing, 
some excellent paperwork, and a whole bunch of body bags, clean-up is 
easy. most people in hospitals are overworked, even in japan. a hospital is 
a place where people just don't pay attention to everything.” 
satoshi looked at nurse sexy legs holding a body bag under her arm 
and said, “please don’t forget about the two in the other room, hun.” 
she nodded her head and grinned at him, as she headed to the room. 
she opened the door and walked in, but not before giving him one last 
glance and blushing. he smiled. 
ayako rolled her eyes. “oh my god,” she said. “really, satoshi?” 
he looked at her and whined, “what?” then he held up a cup and 
said, “tea?” 
haruo looked over at tamotsu. his bodyguard looked up at him and 
just shook his head. kazuhiro glanced over at haruo and saw him make a 
tight fist under the table. that is the reaction he was looking for. his 
family was ok— he knew that now. haruo would not be all stressed out if 
they were not. time for phase 3, he thought. kazuhiro looked up and 
cleared his throat. i am going to get a reaction if i am correct. then he 
spoke. “katashi, there is no need to keep me here. i will stay away from 
your family as long as your family promises to stay away from mine.” 
haruo slammed his hand on the desk and growled, “this is an outrage, 
father! he tried to kill me for no apparent reason, and you are going to just 
let him go?”  
“be quiet,” katashi said. “you are my son, but this is still my clan, and 
you will respect that regardless of how you may feel. what i say is the law!” 
he slammed his fist down on the table in front of him. 
good, kazuhiro thought, it’s now personal. 
katashi looked back at kazuhiro and said, “your family will be safe 
from mine.” then he glared at his son. “as long as i live, you will honor 
this arrangement.” he waved his hand in the air and the sliding double 
doors in the rear of the room opened. 
a man walked briskly up the aisle, holding a tray in his hands. he 
placed that tray in front of kazuhiro. placed neatly on it was a twine of 
string, a katana, and two white handkerchiefs. kazuhiro ceremoniously 
removed the objects from the tray and placed them on the table in front of 
him. he was preparing to perform yubitsume or finger shortening. 
kazuhiro took off his jacket, folded it, and neatly placed it on the floor. 
he adjusted himself on the cushions, pulled up his sleeve, and set his 
hand down on the table. the ceremony involved cutting the first digit 
of the finger off in apology or to seal an agreement. but kazuhiro did 
something different. he took the string and tied it around his arm like a 
tourniquet. he put the blade at the base of his little finger and first cut the 
flesh to the bone circling the finger. then he turned his hand upside down 
and lifted the knife and in a cleaver motion split through the bone. 
unflinching, he took the amputated finger, wrapped it inside the white 
handkerchief, and placed it on the tray. the man walked over to katashi, 
who was unable to hide the surprise on his face. he took his entire finger  
off without as much as a flinch. 
he then watched kazuhiro take out his lighter, strike it, and place 
the stub of his finger over the flame, cauterizing the wound. smoke rose 
from his hand, and the smell of burnt hair and flesh filled the room. when 
he was finished, he untied the string around his arm, set everything on the 
table, put his jacket back on, and said nothing. katashi knew that he was 
dealing with a man far more powerful than himself. there was no way the 
two of them could exist in the same state, let alone the same city. he had 
to get rid of kazuhiro, but frankly, the man scared him — not to 
mention all the trouble he would have to deal with if he died tonight. the 
clan might not recover, and with katashi’s plans on expanding he could 
not afford a war. katashi looked at kazuhiro for a moment then said, “i 
can’t kill you,  but  i  don’t have to keep you here in  tokyo.  your 
daughter is in the hospital, and this i understand. you have one week to 
leave this country. i am sending you to america. there you will live out 
your years, and never return to japan, for if you do, the agreement we 
have will no longer remain, which means you and your family will be mine 
to decide how fate deals with you. your men are mine; your house is mine; 
you leave here with only the things you can pack. these are my words, and 
they are final.” 
katashi got up and left the room. haruo, tamotsu, and kazuhiro 
bowed. kazuhiro stood and walked toward the door. he stopped and 
looked over his shoulder at haruo, then said, “what you have meant for 
destruction, i have taken and sealed your fate with it.” haruo laughed out 
loud as kazuhiro turned, and walked out the doors. they slide shut behind  
him. 
haruo looked at tamotsu and said, “what the fuck just happened? 
did he just walk out of here still alive, and did you see how he separated 
his finger? i have never seen anything like that before.” he paused for a 
moment and said, “what happened with your end? i was expecting any 
moment for you to tell me that those two were dead, and you gave me 
nothing!” 
tamotsu looked over at him and said, “i’m just as shocked as you are. 
i used the best we could afford, a five-year history of success, and i got 
nothing: no call, no text, no messenger pigeon, nothing. it seems that the 
old man is more resourceful than we imagined. maybe he is not as weak as 
we thought.” 
“no, tamotsu! you thought you thought!” haruo turned up the 
volume on his voice just a bit. “i don’t have to think; i know that old man 
better than anyone, and i will not make the same mistake again. you failed 
me, tamotsu, but it is not your fault this time. i kept you in the dark for 
most of this operation. the failure is mine.” then he paused, looked at 
him, and added, “this time, i know why my father sent kazuhiro to the 
states. he is hoping that what he cannot do here, the clans can do there. 
but my father is a weak man, and he underestimates kazuhiro.” haruo 
continued in a calm, contemplative voice. “nonetheless, he is out of the 
way, and that is all i wanted, so now we can continue with what i have 
started. we will see him again, you can bet on it.” he grinned, took a sip of 
his tea, then said, “i’m counting on it.”  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
chapter  9: the  lily  chooses    
full bloom  
 
 
 
azuhiro stepped out into the night. he looked up at the stars. 
the tokyo air was cool and stuffy. the smells of the city hit 
his nostrils, and they brought back a sense of nostalgia. he 
looked at his hands. the missing digit on his left one 
would be a constant reminder of what he needed to do. 
so much about him had changed. if you told him 15 years ago that 
he would have sacrificed honor over love, the thought of it would have 
made him sick to his stomach. kazuhiro was a man of few words and 
a book of action. the name ‘dragon’ was given to him by those who 
k  
were afraid of or needed his intervention. very few men have ever been 
able to do what he did. he was the counselor and the killer of the clan. 
but that was a story for a different time. he was ready to get home. he 
was uncertain of what would be waiting for him when he got there, but 
he had this undeniable 
urge to go home. he lifted his hand to hail a taxi. it felt strange to do so. 
he had not had to hail a taxi in quite some time. this, too, brought back 
memories. 
as he opened the door, he looked at the city’s skyline knowing that this 
would be the last look he would ever have of his city. he stepped into the 
cab, closed the door, and gave the driver his destination. 
ayako stroked her daughter’s head. she looked up at satoshi and said, 
“thank you for escorting us from the hospital.” 
“no prob mrs. t. you are my responsibility now.” 
she looked over at him and asked, “have you heard anything yet?” 
satoshi’s face became solemn, and he shook his head “no.” “however, 
your husband is extremely resourceful. if he is to be no more, i can assure 
you that he was successful in his task.” 
“i am certain of that as well, satoshi, but a wife’s love for her husband 
transcends any code of honor he may have. we let our husbands go out 
into battle not because we want them to, but because we understand that 
if we fail to support them in doing so, we are left with a shell of a man not 
worthy of being a husband. so we ignore our fears to aid them in their 
journey. but truth be told, satoshi, i would love to have my husband  
by my side right now and, if i could, never let him go.” 
satoshi just listened; he had nothing to say. he considered that this was 
a grieving woman, and besides none of what she said was foolish. hell, he 
could even use that himself. they were interrupted by a voice behind 
them. 
“excuse me, mrs. tokugawa. i need to check on your daughter, and 
make sure that everything is well with her.” it was nurse sexy legs, who 
had agreed to come to the house and assist in taking care of okami. but 
satoshi knew why she said yes, and he could not wait to thank her for being 
so selfless.  
the two of them scooted aside, and let her work. then satoshi pushed 
ayako against the wall and held up his finger to his lips. nurse sexy legs 
drew her weapon, and the two of them ran into the hallway and posted 
themselves on either side of the stairway. the lock clicked, the handle 
turned, and the door slowly opened. the light from okami’s room only 
silhouetted the intruder but he could tell that walk, and stance 
anywhere. satoshi turned on the lights and looked down toward the door 
and then said, “holy shit, it’s you!!! what the fuck are you doing here?” 
satoshi asked in amazement more than disappointment. 
“this is my house. i’m supposed to be here.” 
ayako heard her husband’s voice and stood up from her daughter's 
bedside. she quickly walked to the door, peered down over the banister, 
and saw her husband standing at the front door. she was so excited, she 
felt as if every problem she had was sucked out of her, and all she felt was  
light. 
she forgot all about her poise, and being a strong woman, and yelled 
out his name. “kazi!” she shouted and bolted down the stairs. he stepped 
toward her, but before he could even put his foot on the first step ayako 
leaped the rest of the way, landing in his arms and knocking kazuhiro back 
into the wall. ayako kissed all over his face and neck, tears running from 
her eyes. 
“how” kiss, kiss, kiss, “did you” followed by more kisses “make it 
back?” she felt like that university girl once again, and all she wanted to do 
was hold on to him, and never let him go. she couldn’t stop kissing his 
face, her legs wrapped around him, her arms squeezing his neck. 
kazuhiro laughed and said, “ok, ok, i’m happy to see you, too.” but it 
was more than that. this feeling he felt was like no other, and he hoped 
she would never let him go. he forgot all about the exploits of earlier. he 
was glad that his family was ok. he looked up and saw his good friend, 
now brother, satoshi, with his arm wrapped around some young girl in 
black slacks, combat boots, and a tight-fitting shirt, with a stethoscope 
around her neck. kazuhiro smiled, and just shook his head looking back 
down at his wife. she was so beautiful. he could tell that the stress of the 
past few weeks had aged her, but she never looked so lovely. she leaned in, 
and kissed him hard, putting both of her hands on his face. she opened her 
mouth, tasting his lips, closing her lips around his, and sticking her tongue 
in his mouth. he could smell the sweet scent from her breath and taste her 
tongue mixed with salty tears. he knew he was truly loved, and he knew 
that she would follow him anywhere. that was a good thing because it was  
all coming back to him now, and for the first time since he walked through 
the door, he felt the pain. he winched under ayako’s weight, and she 
noticed it and stopped kissing him, looking at him with concerned eyes. 
“are you ok? she asked, as she unwrapped her legs from around him, 
and placed her feet on the floor. she looked her husband over, looking at 
his face, then neck, then shoulders. she pulled his hands up and gasped, 
only to regain her composure. she looked at him and said, “come, let’s get 
you cleaned up,” and walked him into the kitchen. 
he heard a very faint voice saying, “dad?” 
kazuhiro looked at his wife, then turned to go up the stairs, passing 
satoshi, and went through his daughter’s doorway into her room. he 
walked over to her bed and embraced her. she hugged him back and said, 
“you are hugging me like you were never going to see me again.” 
he just put his chin over his daughter’s shoulder, held her, and said, 
“for a moment, i really thought i wouldn’t.” she held him for a few 
moments longer and then drifted back to sleep. she must still be weak 
from all the blood she lost from yesterday’s event, kazuhiro thought. 
he stood up and tucked his daughter in. as he turned, he saw the three 
standing at the doorway, just looking at him. he walked past them and 
headed downstairs. ayako and satoshi followed leaving nurse sexy legs 
to watch over okami. 
kazuhiro sat on the floor in front of the table and satoshi sat on the 
opposite side. ayako went to the kitchen to prepare some tea, and also get  
bandages and proper dressing for her husband’s hand. 
“so, what the hell happened, boss?” satoshi asked in amazement. 
“well, first, let’s talk about you. how did the hospital go?” 
satoshi told kazuhiro about the hospital and what they had 
discovered. 
“so haruo was behind it all?” 
“yes,” satoshi said. 
“i figured as much. he was always ambitious, even as a child, but was 
always unable to see both sides of a situation.” 
“well, it was all taken care of,” satoshi said in a reassuring voice. 
kazuhiro looked at his good friend. “you know, this would not have 
been possible, had it not been for you. i feel, my old friend, that the tables 
have turned, and that i am the one who is now in your debt.” 
“oh, bullshit,” satoshi said. “i did that for fun. hanging with you, old 
man keeps me young.” 
ayako placed three cups, and a bottle of sake on the table. satoshi 
laughed and said, “here is to a lifelong friendship!” he filled the three cups 
to the rim. the three drank and the cups were filled once again.  
ayako took her husband’s hand and gently, reverently began to take 
off the makeshift bandages. she exposed the half-burnt bloody nub and 
proceeded to clean it. kazuhiro’s lips tightened. satoshi talked to him in 
an attempt to distract him from the pain. 
“so, what all did you have to agree to for  that—” pointing at 
kazuhiro’s hand, “to be enough for you to stand down?” 
kazuhiro looked at his friend and said, “i realized that my death would 
not stop them from coming after my family. even though i would die for 
both of them, and i am more than certain that they would be in good 
hands, it is my responsibility to take care of my family, so i had to make 
some choices. haruo made it a bit easier because once his plan in the 
hospital did not work out as he planned, he lost his composure — which 
forced his father to do something that he did not want to do. he had to 
maintain his authority, but i am sure that if we remain in tokyo, he will 
find a way to kill the three of us. he is blinded by his son’s charm, and 
cannot see that he is guilty of such an act, or he does see it, and it still has 
no effect on how he sees his son. one way or the other, we are not safe here 
in tokyo.” 
“so, where are we going to go?” ayako asked. 
kazuhiro looked up and said, “america.” 
“america??!!” ayako blurted out. “why there?” 
“this is where i am being sent. per my agreement with katashi. i agreed 
to go to america and proceed with my work there, and he spares my 
family’s life and keeps his family away from mine.”  
satoshi exhaled all his air and slumped on the cushions. “wow! that’s 
a lot to process.” 
ayako asked, “do you know who we are going to meet? what part of 
america are we going to, and when do we need to leave?” 
“we leave in one week. as for the other questions, right now, i am 
unsure of the answers.” 
they sat and discussed for a few hours what was going to happen and 
what their plans were. finally, satoshi said, “well, that settles it: you are 
going to america. with that being said, i will bid you two goodnight. i 
have not slept for quite some time, and there is a woman upstairs just dying 
to tell me how incredible i am with some soap and a sponge. i really don’t 
want to keep her waiting for that. it is so not fair keeping her away from 
all this for so long,” as he pointed at his body, and flexed his arms. 
ayako rolled her eyes and said, “oh, brother,” then buried her face in 
her husband’s chest, one hand on his shoulder. 
kazuhiro just laughed and said, “no problem, old friend, i will see you 
soon.” 
satoshi said, “well, given what you have told me, i can assume that 
you for the most part are safe for now. however, i added some new 
features to your security, and if anything out of the ordinary goes down, 
my phone will ring.” he disappeared around the corner, and then returned 
with his companion, her arm around his shoulder, his arm around her 
waist. “you two be safe, and, hopefully, the little squirt stays out long enough  
for the two of you to catch up. from the looks of things, you need to.” 
ayako looked at satoshi and said, “goodbye, satoshi.” 
he smiled, said, “goodbye.” and walked out the door, closing it behind 
him, saying, “so, how do you feel about hot tubs? unfortunately, it’s a 
special tub, so we can’t go in with clothes on.” she giggled and then the 
sounds of their voices became muffled, then silent, as they proceeded 
down the sidewalk. 
ayako looked back at her husband and then at his hand. “well, you’re 
all patched up.” she took his hand and lovingly looked at it, also admiring 
her work. “you went through a lot today, kazi,” she said as she stroked his 
hand. 
“from what you tell me, your days were not any easier.” 
she looked down and then up at him. “kazi,” she said with concern in 
her eyes. “do you think we will be ok in america?” 
he returned her glance and answered,  saying  “anywhere where we 
are together, we will be ok. no matter what we face or what we go 
through, as long as there are the three of us, we can and will make it 
through anything.” he took her in his arms, sitting her on his lap. he slowly 
moved in and kissed her lips. she opened up her mouth, and let his tongue 
caress her. ayako breathed in deeply and wrapped her hands around his 
face. he pulled her in, and passionately kissed her lips, his hands on her 
face. he moved his hands down her back and grabbed her round, luscious 
ass. he pulled his mouth away from hers. the magnetic attraction he had  
to her skin was like no other.  he could feel her body calling him. 
aggressively, he started kissing and biting down her cheek, then her ear, 
tonguing her neck. 
ayako grabbed him, placing her hands behind his head. she pulled one 
of her legs over, wrapping it snugly around him. she had not been touched 
like this by him in weeks, but to her, it felt like forever. she couldn’t stop 
herself, and she was glad. she wanted him, and she could feel how badly he 
needed her. 
kazuhiro slipped his hands inside her top and grabbed her breasts. he 
squeezed them, letting out a low growl. ayako let her head fall back and 
pushed her pelvis into his now-erect crotch. she could feel it, hard and 
throbbing through his pants, pressing her lips apart. she was dripping wet 
and could feel it being absorbed,  seeping through her sweatpants. 
kazuhiro slid his fingers around the lining of her smooth velvety 
sweat bottoms. then he slipped his hand down inside, feeling the smooth 
skin of her perfectly groomed flower, rubbing his fingers over her now  
dripping-wet mound while playing with her clit. 
ayako rolled her hips against his hand, her passion threatening her 
with the loss of control. she grabbed his hand, smiling and shaking her 
head no, saying, “wait, okami may wake up!” 
kazuhiro wanted her, and the time it would take to go from the living 
room to the bedroom was just too long. but he knew his wife and did not 
need her to be concerned about distractions. nothing was getting in his 
way. he wanted all of her. he stood up with her legs wrapped around him.  
a sharp pain seared through his arm from his hand. he stood her up on 
the floor, then bent down scooping her up in his arms, and carrying her 
like he did when she would fall asleep on the couch. whispering in her 
ear, leaving no doubt of his intentions, he said, “i’m fucking you tonight!” 
he walked from the living room through the house to the bedroom, 
kissing and looking at his wife. reaching the bedroom door, ayako threw 
her hand out and slid the door open. kazuhiro stepped through, 
sliding it shut with his foot. the bedroom was dim with just one light. the 
covers were still pulled back. his family had not been home since the 
hospital, but he planned to make ayako forget about it all, at least for this 
moment, throwing his wife down on the bed, then slowly crawling above 
her. she rolled onto her side pinning his hand against the bed and her body. 
he flinched from the pain, and ayako immediately responded with, “oh, 
no, i’m so sorry,” reaching up around his neck, and quickly looking at his 
hand. 
he grabbed her by the back of her head, putting the thick, black, soft 
hair between his fingers, and pulling her head down to the pillow. “that’s 
not important,” he replied, spreading her legs apart with his weight. 
ayako, with one hand behind her head, looked deeply into his eyes. 
he leaned down, and passionately kissed her again. he pulled her head 
back using her hair, kissing and biting on her neck, rubbing his nose over 
her body, and smelling the sweet aroma of her love. she smelled so good, 
he could just do that alone all night long, and she knew it. he turned her 
to the side, making sure he doesn’t hurt himself again, and untied the 
ribbon that held her wraparound top in place. as he did, her supple  
breasts fell out of her shirt. he placed both his hands on them. she could 
feel the warmth of his hands against her skin. 
she felt nipples firming, and wanted him to put his mouth on them. 
with his hands still holding her breasts, he kissed her again. her skin was 
so soft — he enjoyed how his tongue glided across her skin, and how she 
would blush in areas when he kissed them. he kissed down the front of her 
neck, still holding her breast in his hands. ayako allowed herself to speak 
and said, “oh my god, you are making me tremble.” 
kazuhiro opened his mouth, and gently breathed on her nipples, 
feeling her skin goosebump. he took his tongue and traced around 
her nipples. ayako arched her back and breathed out, saying, “please 
don’t tease me. you have no idea how long i have been waiting for this.” 
without warning, he planted his mouth over her nipples, teasing them 
with his warm, wet tongue. “suck harder!” she commanded and he 
did. oh, god, she thought, if he keeps this up, iwillcumbeforehim—she 
cried out “oh god!” through her gritted teeth. “bite ‘em!” she commanded 
and he complied. “harder baby, bite me harder! i want to feel every part 
of you.” he closed his mouth, letting his teeth grip her right nipple, and 
then turned up the pressure. 
the pain was so sweet, ayako cried out panting between breaths, 
saying, “yes, oh god, yes!” she grabbed the back of his head, pressing his 
face into her breast. he felt her hands on his head asking him, begging him 
to devour her. he tongued her breast, and nipples moving from one to the 
other, back and forth he went. she could feel herself climbing, her  
breathing becoming shallow, as she rolled her hips against his body faster. 
kazuhiro leaned up and grabbed the seam of her sweatpants, and pulled 
them down over her knees and past her feet, letting them fall to the floor. 
he took one of her legs, and placed it on his shoulder, riding his tongue 
down the inside of her thigh, and then placing his mouth on her throbbing 
wet pussy. 
okami gasped and then sat up on her elbows. kazuhiro placed the 
palm of his hand on her chest, and with sexual aggression, pushed her back 
down, opening his eyes and looking at her. he winked, then closed them 
again. his tongue moved up and down the crest of her vagina. she was so 
wet, he could feel the juices from her body slowly falling down the sides 
of his mouth. he could taste her and enjoyed the way her scent 
excited his nostrils and teased his tongue. he wanted her to want him. 
he wanted to take her body past the point where she could handle it, 
and then beyond. 
ayako reached behind her, grabbing the pillows with her hands, 
turning her head, and biting the bedspread. she could feel herself building, 
getting closer and closer. she reached down, and grabbed the back of her 
husband’s head, pressing his face deeper into her while gently pulling 
his hair. she leaned up and watched him from between her breasts. his 
eyes closed, and his face moved up and down his nose, appearing and 
disappearing as if it were playing peekaboo with her breasts. she loved the 
way she felt watching him kissing her love mound. she had not been this 
wet in quite some time, and she could tell that he was lost in the moment 
with her, and all that existed was right now. she found herself scooting  
across the bed trying to escape from the feeling it was incredible. to just 
lie there, and not move would do the feeling no justice. then he surprised 
her with his tongue still on her pearl, she felt his two fingers slide inside of 
her 
using the motion of come here hitting the top walls of her pelvis. it was 
more than she could stand. she lifted her hips off the bed, knees still bent, 
standing on her toes, the rest of her weight on her shoulders. ayako 
grabbed the pillow and placed it over her mouth as she screamed, pouring 
out her love into her husband’s mouth. 
kazuhiro grabbed her around her waist, and slowly let her down. her 
body shaking, panting, and she was wet with sweat. she could feel the 
damp sheets touching her body, and they tugged at the animal inside 
of her. she popped up, and went for kazuhiro’s pants, undoing the belt 
buckle and practically ripping them open, popping the button, and hearing 
the stress of the zipper. he had unleashed the monster, and there would 
be no end until she had been completely filled. she slid his pants off, 
welcomed by his throbbing member. there is a stereotype about 
asian men. however, her man didn’t fit into any of those categories. she 
ran her finger across the soft skin of his hard penis. slipping her mouth 
over it, holding part of it in her hand, she played with the rest in her mouth. 
she looked up at him, feeling him fill her mouth. 
kazuhiro closed his eyes, his face changing expressions that were 
unable to be put into words. he didn’t know what felt better: her mouth 
or her— “pllleeeasssssseee god, don’t stop,” he said. he was kneeling, 
looking at her body. she was so sexy, the way her back arched, and how  
round her ass was. she had two dimples on the lower part of her back. he 
watched her head bob up and down, and all he could think of is how lucky 
and loved of a man he was. 
he reached down, and grabbed her head, kissing her, then laying her 
down, wrapping her legs around him, and sliding himself inside of her 
warm, wet, soft, inviting love canal. she let him in and closed around his 
hard pulsating cock. she loved the way he filled her, and fit so perfectly 
inside. he paused for just a moment, looking into her eyes, and watched 
her gasp as he entered. he reached one hand under her waist, and grabbed 
her ass, spreading her cheek and pulling her hair with the other hand. in 
and out he went, moving his hips in a rhythmic pattern, always looking 
into her eyes. 
he turned her over on her hands and knees, gripping her waist, 
sending ripples up her back with every pounding force. ayako reached 
back and pulled him into her faster and faster as she climaxed all over his 
phallus. she lay down with him behind her, and turned her head, looking 
into his eyes. he wrapped his hand around her neck and pulled her to him, 
kissing her deeply. she felt so loved, and he was so firm yet gentle inside of 
her. she could feel him growing inside of her, and she knew he was coming 
close to filling her. he wrapped his arms around her waist, biting her on 
the back, and grabbing her breast. she reached behind her pulling herself 
using his shoulders. 
his thrusts were powerful, and she ached with pleasure from each 
thrust. kazuhiro grunted, and she let out a string of encouraging “yes, 
yes, yes.”  
his hips moved faster and faster until he gripped her with all he had, 
squeezing the breath out of her lungs, while he yelled out, saying, “oh my 
god, you are fucking incredible,” as he exploded inside of her, filling her 
up with weeks of pent-up frustration. 
she could feel him inside of her warm and wet pussy, still hard as they 
both collapsed onto the bed breathing, and touching one another. they 
calmly lay together,  with his fingertips gliding over her arm and 
shoulder. he looked at her and said, “i love you, and there is nothing, no 
hardship, no struggle that i would not go through for you.” he grabbed 
her and held her in his arms. she could feel how close they were. she felt 
connected to this man, and could not imagine being this close to any other. 
he turned her over and looked directly into her eyes. “it’s been a while 
since we have been this way together.” ayako just smiled. he continued, 
“i missed this; i missed you.” he laid his head on her chest, playing with 
her belly button. she stroked the back of his head. then he placed his face 
close to her ear, sending chills up her spine. he whispered in her ear, and 
she could feel the breath from his mouth teasing her, making her body 
tingle all over. “i want you again,” he murmured. 
they didn’t get much sleep that night, and to ayako’s surprise, 
their daughter slept through it all. eventually, the two relaxed and were 
extremely satisfied with the night’s event, and fell into a deep and 
peaceful sleep, holding one another. the next morning, the family 
was up. ayako already had breakfast prepared while kazuhiro was in 
his study, closing last-minute business and tightening loose ends.  he 
connected with the clan in america, discussing what state and city,  
who would be controlling, and what time he would eventually be there. 
ayako walked into the room, set a cup of tea on the desk for him, 
smiled, and then pranced out of the room, humming a catchy little tune. 
she walked up the stairs, and into okami’s room and was shocked to see 
her daughter up and even dressed — well, more like covered. she had 
sweatpants and a t-shirt on. okami spoke over her shoulder and said, “i 
tried to put on a sports bra, but my ribs are still sore.” 
ayako just looked at her daughter, so resilient. most people, young or 
old, would be out for at least a month. her daughter was up, and walking 
five days out of the hospital. she healed so quickly that ayako was certain 
she got it from her father’s side of the family. “it’s ok, my child,” her 
mother said. “all in due time. are you hungry?” ayako asked. 
okami nodded her head and said, “thank you.” her mother set the 
food on the desk and turned to walk out of the room. 
“mom,” okami said, now up and looking out of the window. “i saw 
daddy’s hand last night.” her mother took in a deep breath; she didn’t 
think that her daughter noticed anything that night because she was still 
so very weak. ayako said nothing and just stood there. okami, still 
looking out of the window, said, “is it my fault why daddy lost his finger?” 
ayako covered her mouth, and walked over to her daughter, placing her 
hand on okami’s shoulder. okami continued, “it is my fault daddy lost 
his finger. if i went where i told you i was supposed to go, none of this 
would have happened.” tears began to stream down okami’s face. she 
bawled her fist and said, “dammit, i’m crying again. i am not supposed to  
cry again.” 
ayako took okami in her arms, and okami cried into her chest. so 
much of a responsibility to bear for such a young child, her mother thought. 
“no, my child,” she said. “it is not the fault of a woman when a 
man decides to take what he feels is his. it is not our fault when someone 
decides to hurt you. people make choices from their actions, but for 
every action, there is a responsibility and a consequence. it is your 
responsibility to create something amazing from this. you may choose 
to talk about it with me or not, but either way, it is going to come 
out, and you must make a choice every day, starting right now. what are 
you going to do with the pain, regret, and sorrow you feel at this very 
moment?” she continued, “it is not your fault that any of this has 
happened to you, and no matter how far away you run, it will always 
be right there with you. every person does what they need to do to live 
with themselves for what happens in their life. i chose to deal with it my 
way. your father chose to deal with it his way. and now you must 
choose how to deal with it in your way.” 
okami paused her crying for a moment, and thought to herself, deal 
with it in my way? she leaned back and looked her mother in the eye. “i 
understand, mother, and you and father will be very proud of me.” 
ayako grabbed her daughter in her arms and said, “oh my child, we 
are already very proud of you.” a tear fell from her face as she thought. she 
still believes it’s her fault and there isnothingican sayto my child together to think any 
other way. she is so much like me in so many ways, taking on the responsibility of 
others as if they were her own.“i’lltellyouthis, okami,”  
her mother whispered in a calm, soothing voice. “no matter what your 
burden is and how you choose to face it, i will always be with you and there 
for you, my child, and so will your father.” 
kazuhiro sat at his desk going through files on his computer. it was a 
lot more difficult without any help. his men were gone, and he couldn’t 
trust just any secretary rummaging through his work. not to mention, he 
had to get used to not being able to use all of his fingers. he heard a soft 
knock on the door and knew immediately who it was. “come in, okami,” 
he said, holding his hand out to greet her as the door slid open. “hey kiddo, 
how’s my little girl?” 
okami smiled and blushed. how could not feel so wonderful when 
her father smiled and called her ‘kiddo.’ she walked over to him, and 
leaned on the desk, then asked, “whatchadooin?” he explained to her 
what was happening, and she said, “oh, so this file goes here and that one 
there, and if it has this print on it, take that out and put it here, right?” 
kazuhiro looked at his daughter in amazement and said, “yeah, that’s 
right.” 
“so then can i help you, daddy?” 
he said, “yes, go ahead.” 
the two of them worked together in silence, but neither one could 
hide the smiles that appeared on their faces now and then. okami 
reached for a folder at the same time her father did, and she touched his 
bandaged hand. she looked at it, and her father quickly pulled it away. she 
grabbed his hand and said, “daddy, don’t be ashamed. i know why you did 
it.”  
he retorted, “did your mother tell you something?” 
okami responded and said, “no. i figured that somehow you found 
out.” she looked straight at the wall with anger in her eyes, and then said, 
“one day, he will pay — they all will pay — for what they did to you.” 
her father looked at her and said, “no, no, my child, this is something 
that i felt i had to do. protecting my family is what i am supposed to do, 
and for the most part, i feel responsible for letting this happen.” 
she said, “no, daddy, it was not your fault.” she started to tell him 
more; she wanted to tell him; but she just couldn’t. he put his hand on her 
cheek, and she turned away. 
kazuhiro stood up from his desk, placed his hands on his daughter’s 
shoulders, and said, “it is ok kiddo. one day you will be able to tell me 
when you are ready, but only when you are ready. however, know this: i 
love you, and my love for you will never die, never stop. i will never take it 
away.” 
she tried to be strong — she tried not to cry again, but she couldn’t 
help it, and she sobbed once more in her father’s arms. he let her: he knew 
she needed this. even though he had no idea how to fix it, he knew that 
right now all she needed was for  him to be there. he looked down at 
her, wiped a tear from her eye, and said, “let’s go take a walk. we’ll go get 
some ice cream or watch a movie together or something, but today is our 
time.” 
she looked up at him, drying her tears with her sleeves, and said, “ok, 
i’ll go get dressed.” she walked over to the door. as she slid it open, he  
called after her and said, “okami, i will always be there for you, and with 
you. even when i am not around, just listen to your heart, and i will speak 
to you there.” 
she smiled and bounded up the stairs the best she could. he smiled, 
as she walked away. ayako came to the door. leaning on the door frame, 
said, “even though she tries to hide it, she is not our little girl anymore.” 
kazuhiro added,  “yes,  something has changed in her.  the bubbly 
energetic light that used to be there in her eyes is gone and has been 
replaced by determination, and there is an awareness she has that she did 
not have before. her mind has been accelerated beyond her age. we both 
knew that it would happen.” 
“yes, but for her to get it like this, i fear that if she is not careful, she 
will be consumed by anger and fear.” 
“well,” kazuhiro said, “if she does decide on that path, then it is up to 
us to show her the correct way.” 
a few more days went by, and the house was almost close to being 
packed. okami bounced around the house, marking boxes, wrapping 
dishes, and packing family belongings. kazuhiro walked up behind his 
wife, wrapping some family heirlooms in bubble wrap, and put his arms 
around her waist, nuzzling her neck. she stiffened and took a deep breath. 
“dammit, kazi,” she said, “you scared me! i almost dropped this.” 
kazuhiro chuckled and said, “well, it’s a good thing i married a 
woman with great reflexes.”  
“yes,” she said, “or you would be in big trouble right now,” as she 
socked him on the arm. 
“okami seems to be having fun,” he says while rubbing on a fake 
bruise. 
“it seems that the move is giving her something to stay busy with,” 
ayako replied. just then, kazuhiro felt a bit of uneasiness. he had 
expected the clan to retaliate by now — do something. 
even though he knew he had the word of katashi, he didn’t think for 
a second that his son was going to let it go. however, it had been quiet 
since the incident at the club. a little too quiet. this bothered him. 
okami ran up to her parents and said, “mom, dad, may i take these 
boxes up to my room? i want to pack some of my stuff, too.” 
“yes,” her mother said, “but be careful, and remember we can’t take 
everything.” they watched her walk toward the stairs, holding boxes in 
one hand, and another tucked underneath her cast arm. 
ayako heard a knock at the door. kazuhiro tensed, and ayako said, “i 
wonder who that could be.” she opened the door and said, “well, hello 
atsuko.” 
okami stopped at the stairs and turned toward the door. atsuko 
stood and bowed, holding a present in her hand and saying, “greetings, 
mrs. tokugawa,” in her most formal japanese. “is okami home?” she 
asked. 
“of course, she is, and please do come in atsuko. there is no reason  
for you to be so formal; you are still so much a part of this family.” 
“the child can’t help it if her mother’s a bitch,” ayako thought to 
herself. 
atsuko came through the door. seeing okami made her face light up. 
she walked over to her best friend, who still had not moved, and said, 
“hello! i brought you a present.” she handed it to okami, and okami took 
it in her hands, juggling it with the other boxes. 
ayako, grabbing her husband’s hand, said, “well, we will leave you 
two girls alone. come on, honey, there is something that i want to show 
you downstairs.” 
kazuhiro said, “but we are downstairs,” so she pinched him on his 
arm. 
“ouch, ouch, ouch,” he said. “ok, i’m coming.” 
the two girls were left standing in front of the stairwell. atsuko said, 
“ummm, so how have you been?” as she nervously rocked back and forth. 
“i’m fine,” okami said. “i can’t wait to get this stupid cast off my arm.” 
“well, at least it matches the color of the ribbon in your hair.” 
they both laughed, and okami said, “i was about to go up to my 
room, and pack. do you wanna come?” 
“sure!” atsuko said, “let me take those boxes from you,” and bolted 
past okami up the stairs to her room. she stopped at the door waiting for 
her friend who was following not so closely behind her. okami didn’t 
realize how slow she had become.  
“wow! your room looks different,” atsuko said as she walked in, 
looking around. 
“yeah,” okami replied. “i took all the posters down, rolled them up, 
and put them in that corner over there. you can have them if you want. 
i’m just going to throw them away if you don’t take them.” 
“ooohhh, oh wow!” atsuko said as she walked over to the corner, and 
looked at the posters. okami took her stuffed bears, animals, trophies, and 
small trinkets, then threw them in the boxes. “why are you just doing 
that?” atsuko asked. 
“i don’t need them anymore.” “oh, really,” 
atsuko said. 
okami could feel herself pulling away from her friend. she didn’t want 
to, but she could feel nothing. “why didn’t you come to visit me? you 
didn’t come to the hospital or my home. what happened to you, atsuko? 
you were supposed to be my friend.” 
“i know,” atsuko said, holding down her head. “i tried, but my 
mother forbade me to come to see you. she said that your father was about 
to get in some big trouble, and it would not be good to be around you. i 
even had to sneak here just to see you today. i’m really sorry, okami, about 
everything. i mean everything. please forgive me,” and then atsuko started 
to cry. 
“don’t cry,” okami said. “it was not your fault. there was nothing 
you could have done. i’m just glad you are here.” 
“so, still friends?” atsuko asked.  
okami looked her friend in the eye and said, “yes, still friends,” and 
then hugged her. atsuko hugged her back, wiping the tears from her eyes 
on okami’s shoulder. “now help me get this stuff packed away. i don’t 
need it anymore, but i bet you could use it.” 
“hey!” atsuko said. “what about this big stuffed hello kitty? are 
you getting rid of that?” 
“no,” okami said, “that is what my father brought me on the night 
of —" and then she paused, “on the night when i was in the hospital.” 
“ok, well then, hello kitty is safe.” atsuko picked up the stuffed 
animal and said, “aren’t ya, ms. kitty?” the two of them stayed in the room 
talking, and packing as if nothing had ever changed. but okami knew 
something had changed. she could feel it. and so did astuko. 
   
 
 
 
chapter 10 : the lily blooms 
and sees blood  
 
 
 
 
 
azuhiro looked at his watch. everything was running on time. 
everything was as he had planned. but was it? he thought 
to himself. he pushed the curtains back just a bit to look 
outside. he still felt the tension in the air, but couldn’t figure 
out why. but he learned from many years of experience to 
just trust his instincts. 
the clan still had not moved on him. call it paranoia, call it 
k  
hypersensitivity — nonetheless, he could not get away from the feeling 
that something was about to go down. hecouldte
 that it w a s  the silence bef ore 
the storm. he felt his side where his hk 9 mm sat. if push comes to shove, i’ll 
always have this. i’m sure i can ditch it somewhere before i get to the airport, not 
like i have not done it before, he thought. 
“well, everything is loaded in the moving trucks and should be on the 
way to the post office,” ayako said. 
“mm,” kazuhiro grunts, “that’s good. do you have everything that 
you need packed because we leave soon? where is okami?” 
“i think she is up in her room,” ayako answers. “i’ll go get her.” 
okami sat one last time looking down at the pond. all the fish were 
gone, and the only ones left were the water lilies. earlier when she would 
look at that pond, it gave her hope and a promise of what was to come in 
her life. since she had returned home, every day she would look down to 
feel that again but it was replaced with destiny and responsibility. she put 
all of her efforts into staying a young girl, never noticing the important 
things in the past, and now all she could notice was the loss of life. she 
felt herself changing inside, and was not sure what was going on. there it 
was again, that tugging feeling in her stomach. she was unsure what it was 
but knew something was not right. she was distracted by her mother’s 
voice coming from downstairs. 
“okami! are you ready to go, sweetie? there is someone here we want 
you to meet before we leave.” okami looked at the pond one last time; 
images of her dream still shot through her head every time she did so. she  
sighed and thought to herself, oh well, i guess those days are over, gone forever. she 
walked away, looking back at the pond one more time, then said in an 
unassuming voice, “coming, mother.” 
she put her travel bag over her shoulder and tucked her hello kitty 
stuffed animal under her arm. as she approached the stairs, she could hear 
a man’s voice laughing very loudly. “as i said, kazuhiro, i’m here to take 
you to the airport. it’s the least i can do,” the man said. he was a medium 
height stocky person with a big smile and a happy face. he was extremely 
loud though. okami proceeded down  the stairs. by the time she was 
halfway there, she heard the man’s voice saying, “well, look who’s 
up and about.” 
her presence made her mother smile, her father just looked at her 
with his accepting nod. “okami, my child,” her mother said, “please, come 
here. i want to introduce you to someone.” okami was uncertain how to 
feel about this man. he stepped forward, and she quickly stepped back. 
“well, hello okami,” the man bowed first. “it is a pleasure to meet you. 
my name is satoshi, but you can call me uncle satoshi if you want. your 
parents and i have a long history together.” 
she bowed politely. “it is a pleasure to meet you, mr. satoshi.” he 
looked at her for a moment and laughed out loud. 
“ha-ha, wow! she sure is something else,” he said as he turned to 
look at her parents. “look at the restraint she has. well, okami, we might 
need to call the emergency number.” 
okami’s look became puzzled. “why would we need to do that?” she  
asked. “well, the way you are choking that stuffed animal, i don’t think he 
is going to be able to make it to the airport.” 
okami looked down. she hadn’t noticed that she was gripping her 
hello kitty so hard; she blushed and slightly grinned. “it’s ok,” he 
continued.  “i’m sure we have something in the car to keep him alive.” 
he smiled at her and then turned back to the parents. “then that 
settles it. i am taking you to the airport — no more arguments about it. 
not only that, old man,” he said, looking at her father. “someone of your 
stature should not be taking a taxi.” 
“very well,” kazuhiro said. “we will go with you. it really would be 
nice to see my old friend one last time.” 
“great!” satoshi said, then spoke into his hand, saying, “start ‘em up.” 
“you didn’t say we were going to have an escort,” ayako said. 
“only the best for you, mrs. t,” satoshi answered. he opened the 
door and stepped out in front of them. 
three cars were running. two men and one woman were standing, 
holding the passenger door open while another was in the driver's seat. the 
middle car was a bit longer, and okami recognized the woman as the nurse 
that was by her side in the hospital that night. she smiled at okami and 
said, “hello, okami. i am glad you are feeling better.” 
okami looked at her and said, “hi, and thank you very much.” as they 
proceeded to the cars, a little old lady passed by pushing a small shopping 
cart. okami got that tugging feeling in her stomach again. she turned to  
look at the old lady and noticed there was something strange about the 
cart. she pushed her father and said, “look out, papa!” she wrapped her 
hands around his waist, feeling the heavy metal strapped to his side. 
kazuhiro lost his balance and fell into the car, catching himself. 
“okami, what is going on?” he asked. at that moment, the arm of one 
of the men spurted blood, and the man fell back into the car. 
“look out!” someone shouted. 
okami reached into her father’s suit jacket and before kazuhiro could 
move, the weapon was pulled out of its holster. safety off, okami pulled 
the trigger three times, and the old lady went down. 
“holy shit!” satoshi said. “did you see that? let’s go, let’s go — get in 
the cars,” he said. all of them hopped inside and sped off, running over 
the body, and sending the cart flying across the street. okami was 
breathing hard, and her father and mother just looked at her. 
“ha-ha, wow! you are a natural girl!” satoshi said while speeding 
down the street, wheels screeching as he made the corner. 
“holy shit!” satoshi said again as he looked back, “anyone hurt?” 
kazuhiro looked at himself carefully, then took the handgun away 
from his daughter. her eyes were wide, she was still breathing hard. 
“oh, my god!” ayako said as she looked at the quarter-sized hole in the 
head of the stuffed animal okami was holding, stuffing burned around the 
sides. ayako said, “kazuhiro, look at that — let me see your jacket.” 
kazuhiro leaned forward and, just as she suspected, revealed almost the  
same quarter-size hole through the back of his suit coat. “oh my god, do 
you know what that means, kazi?” 
“yes, it means okami pulled the weapon out, acquired her site, and 
pulled the trigger, missing everyone but who she intended to shoot.” 
“that’s impossible,” ayako said. 
“well, obviously not, ‘cause your daughter just did it. i have not seen 
shooting like that since, hell, i have never seen shooting like that! you are 
a natural kid.” kazuhiro put his arm around his daughter and asked, “are 
you ok?” 
okami just sat there with wide eyes. her breathing had slowed, but she 
still could barely speak. “i, umm, think,” still breathing hard, so she pushed 
the words out. “what happened?” she asked. 
“well, it looks like you just saved your father’s life — that’s what 
happened.” 
“shut up, satoshi! enough!” ayako yelled. she got down on her knees in 
front of her daughter and smoothed the hair out of her face. “look at me, 
my child,” she says. “focus on my eyes.” okami looked at her mother and 
began to calm down. 
she put her hand on her mother’s face and said, “really mommy, i’m 
ok.” ayako slowly removed her hands from okami’s face, then got up 
and sat down, staring at the floor. 
she had lost her baby girl now. every attempt she took to keep her  
innocence was gone. she tried so hard to keep her daughter from the same 
path she took, but no matter how hard she tried, she realized it was 
inevitable. she looked over at her husband, his arm up on the back of the 
seat, looking out of the window. okami just looked straight ahead out of 
the front windshield. satoshi turned another corner, and she recognized 
the block. she saw the store that she would always stop to look at the 
kimono she wanted to purchase, but this time she did not see the 
kimono. in its place was a samurai uniform on a pedestal in full regalia. 
the pointed helmet, the two swords on the side. the armor plates 
were a brilliant black and red color. as she passed by, she could have 
sworn that the head turned to watch her pass. okami turned her head 
and then sat back in her seat. 
the ride to the airport took only 45 minutes, but for them, it 
seemed like forever before they arrived at the drop-off terminal. okami 
held her mother’s and father’s hands, gripping them tight. she looked 
at her father and said, “papa.” 
kazuhiro looked away from the window and at his daughter. “yes, 
kiddo?” he said, eyes looking at her with care and concern. 
“papa, i want to be like you, just like you. i want to be a dragon.” 
her father looked at ayako. she looked back at him and nodded her 
head. “are you sure?” he asked in a soft voice. 
“yes, papa,” she said as she sat up straight, and put her hands in her 
lap. kazuhiro nodded his approval. he never expected his daughter to be 
anything, but a fun-loving, jolly little girl. he looked forward to her  
coming home and asking for money to buy a new purse or a nice set of 
shoes. then again, she was never like that before. she got what she wanted 
and when she wanted it, on her own. he realized that the way he dealt 
with her had to change. if not, she would suffer and be in constant pain, 
and he would be the source of it. he knew that she would have to be 
pushed until she felt she was going to die, and then push herself past that. 
he knew that from now on she would never have a normal childhood, 
only the perception of one. she would have to learn how to lie and steal. 
after the display she showed today, even though he would rather she 
take another path, he could feel that this was her destiny — that this is what 
she was born to do. 
they pulled up to the drop-off terminal, and kazuhiro handed his 
weapon to satoshi. “i’m sure that the tokyo police can  make this 
disappear.” 
“oh hell, yeah. you got it, boss,” satoshi said. “i’ll give it to the 
lieutenant of the gang task force.” then he handed the weapon to nurse 
sexy legs, whose name, in a conversation they come to find out, was kook. 
ayako’s eyebrows raised, and she said, “really? ok, satoshi.” the 
doors opened and the guards got out, looking around, making sure the 
place was safe. guard number two, who was shot in the arm and seemed 
to look like he was better now, nodded at satoshi. he said, “ok people! 
this is where i let you go as a vip of the tokyo police.” 
they all pulled their luggage out, and kazuhiro said, “goodbye, old 
friend,” and bowed to satoshi. he bowed back and said, “we had some  
good times.” 
he then bowed to ayako, “take care, mrs. t. keep that sword hand 
safe.” 
she looked at him with her eyes big and mouthed the words “shut the 
hell up.” 
he smiled and then stood in front of okami. “you have a great life 
ahead of you. the path you decided to take is not going to be easy, but i 
feel if anyone can do it, it is you. hell, you might even surpass your old 
man.” he bowed deeply to okami and said, “take care of yourself. it has 
been an honor to meet you.” 
they turned, waved goodbye, and walked toward the terminal. 
once the family settled in first class, kazuhiro and ayako each had a 
glass of wine. okami sat across from them on the other side. “here’s to 
new beginnings,” ayako said. 
kazuhiro looked over at his daughter, who was staring out of the 
window. “may they be rewarding,” he replied. 
as a few more passengers boarded the plane, they heard a familiar voice 
saying, “heeyyyy, old man! how are you, mrs. t and little t?” it was 
satoshi. ayako looked at him with surprise on her face and kazuhiro just 
grunted his approval. 
as he put his bags in the overhead, satoshi spoke over his 
shoulder. “well, i was thinking with you being gone, i really don’t have 
any other purpose being with the tokyo police, and after the hospital and  
today, the amount of paperwork i have to go through is just not worth it,” 
he said as he laughed out loud. “you, old man, are going to need someone 
to have your back over there in america. not only that, but who is going 
to help train the little one? she is going to need a tutor if everything happens 
as i think it is. you will be way too busy to show her everything. don’t 
worry about money; with the investments i have in place, we are set for a 
long while. i just got my first dividend check from this new company i 
bought shares.  it’s an internet company with some f u n n y- l o o k i n g 
f symbol. so everything is handled,” he concluded as he sat next to okami. 
“boy, do i have a lot to tell you, little lady,” he added, as the stewardess 
poured him a glass of wine and smiled. he looked at her ass. as she walked 
away. 
“man, change is good,” he said, looking over at okami. “did your 
father tell you about the time we were in thailand?” 
ayako said, “no! satoshi, shut up.” 
“what?” he said. 
“oh brother,” ayako said, “this is going to be a long flight.” 
“well, that’s a good thing ‘cause i got 14 hours of stories,” satoshi said 
as the plane hatch closed. 
 
 
 
 
  
a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
chapter 11 : new beginnings  
are not always so sweet  
 
 
 
 
s they exited the plane in america, okami was taken aback by 
how big everything was. with okami sticking very close to her 
father, they walked through the airport, going through customs 
with no problem, and down to the baggage checking area. people were 
everywhere, speaking many languages: some she recognized, others she did 
not. 
“i think that’s our ride,” satoshi said, pointing at a well-dressed man in 
 
a suit holding a sign written in english saying “tokugawa.” 
“wait right here,” satoshi said as he walked over to the man. satoshi 
looked at the man and realized he couldn’t be any more than 23. he 
walked up to him and said in perfect japanese “hey, i think you are 
waiting for us.” 
the young man looked at him, puzzled for a moment like he did not 
understand. satoshi asked him again, then said, “do you not understand 
me?” 
the boy responded in english, saying, “i’m sorry sir. i do not 
understand what you are saying to me.” 
“oh god, that is right,” satoshi said to himself. scrolling through the 
english files in his head. then he spoke in english with a very strong 
japanese accent. “we are the tokugawa party you are here to receive.” 
the young man’s eyes grew wide. “oh, oh, i am sorry, mr. tokugawa. 
i was looking for someone older.” 
wow, satoshithought to himself, they were not  even ready for us, and this 
young boy is probab ly the lowest-ranking person they could send. note to self: get the boss some 
respect. satoshi straightened up and said, “no, i am 
not the man you seek. mr. tokugawa is over there. why don’t you go over 
and help him with his bags?” 
“oh, yes, right, his bags.” 
“on second thought, just go drive the car to the door, and i will let 
him know when you pull up.”  
“yes, sir, i will. i’m sorry sir.” as the boy stumbled off toward the 
door. 
satoshi strolled back to the family and said, “can you believe this crap? 
we have one of the greatest men in tokyo here, and they send a little punk 
who has no idea what you look like to come to pick you up.” 
kazuhiro looked at his wife, who was helping their daughter with her 
luggage and said, “flow with it, my friend. we are in a different land, with 
different cultures.” 
“yeah, but they are japanese. where the hell is discipline and 
courtesy? no manners here, i tell you. this is ridiculous.” kazuhiro just 
laughed under his breath. 
ayako walked over to them and said, “so, was that our 
transportation?” 
kazuhirosaid, “yes.” 
at the same time, satoshi said, “yeah, if you can call it that.” 
“well, nonetheless,” ayako said, “i am ready to get settled— 14 hours 
on a plane is enough for me to not ever want to travel again for quite some 
time.” 
satoshi looked at ayako. “how are you doing, little t?” okami just 
nodded and stood farther behind her father for his protection. 
she had never seen anything like this. it was not as pretty as japan, but 
everything was so big. she could make out most of the signs that were 
written in english and japanese. the restaurants and taxis outside were  
not. even though her mother taught her how to read and speak english, to 
be here and see everything for real just seemed so different. 
satoshi laughed and said, “it’s ok little one. you will get used to this 
place, just as you did back home. everything is going to be alright.” 
just then satoshi saw the young man waving his hands at them trying 
to get his attention. “are you fucking kidding me?” satoshi said to himself. 
“no manners, no manners at all.” 
he spoke, “hey boss, i think our ride is here.” kazuhiro reached down 
to retrieve his bag, but satoshi beat him to it. “i got this, you don’t need to 
carry anything,” he said. he grabbed an abandoned airport cart, placing 
everyone’s bags on top. they walked to the car in a small tight group, 
satoshi in front, then her father, followed closely by okami on his right. 
left was his wife walking quietly behind him. 
the young man walked up to kazuhiro but was stopped short by 
satoshi. “how about you help us with these bags?” 
“oh, yeah, right. he fumbled through his pockets to retrieve a remote 
box and pressed the button. the back of a silver land rover opened up, 
and the young man, along with satoshi, began to load the bags into the car. 
kazuhiro walked over to the back seat door of the car and opened it. 
okami looked around at all the cars speeding back and forth outside of the 
terminal. along the curb were a few lines of cars parked with people inside, 
waiting to pick up someone just like them. one thing she could not get 
over was how big everything was: the cars were big, the buses were big, and 
ev en the people were big. she grabbed her father’s hand as he helped her  
get inside. once the family was in, he closed the door. satoshi and the 
young man climbed into the vehicle, both sitting in the front. 
“my bad for not having everything ready for you this time. i was told 
i had a vip from japan coming in today.” looking at his rearview mirror, 
the young man said, “so you must be mr. tokugawa, and this is your 
family, am i correct?” 
satoshi answered and said, “yes, that is correct. do you know where 
our house is?” the young man said, “yes, i do, but sam wants to see you 
now.” 
who the hell is sam? kazuhiro thought to himself. “no, 
we will be going to the house now,” satoshi said. 
 
“ok?” the young man said, “but he is not going to like that very 
much.” 
“we will deal with this sam later, but for right now you will take us 
home.” 
“ok, it’s your funeral then,” he said. 
satoshi looked at the young man with a puzzled look on his face. i guess 
this is how it is over here, he thought to himself. just flow with it. he breathes out 
slowly. 
okami looked out of the window at the landscape. her arm was 
wrapped around her mother’s arm. it would have been nice to have had 
the stuffed hello kitty with her, but she left it in the car. if she was going  
to be brave, she had to leave everything that was childish in japan. she was 
in a different place now, and she had to act like a big person. 
everything was so green here. trees were everywhere, and the traffic 
was so different from tokyo. she saw a few girls at the airport, and they 
seemed strange to her. well, if this is where she had to be, then she would 
make the best of it. 
they drove for about an hour. okami could not sleep; this was so 
exciting to her. finally, they exited the freeway, and after a few turns ended 
up in a beautiful subdivision. the houses were huge. some had big pillars 
at the front of the entrance, surrounded by a fence or a wall. okami 
wondered if people actually lived in places like this. houses were so far 
apart with no large buildings or condos where more than one family slept. 
even though her home in tokyo was to itself, there was a home right 
next to her, and then one next to that one. never did she see them so far 
apart. 
the vehicle slowed down and pulled into a driveway with an 
automatic gate, and a driveway that went all the way up to the house then 
circled around back out an exit gate. it was the most beautiful home she 
had ever seen. she sat up to take a good look. the design was so different 
from a tokyo home. the driveway was long. the windows did not have 
paper shades. there was a huge glass window over the front door where 
a large chandelier hung. there were pillars from one end of the front of the 
house to the other. she counted 10. there was a water fountain in the 
front of the house, and well-decorated bushes everywhere. 
the range rover pulled up to the front door. satoshi got out and  
opened the door for the family. the young man ran around and began to 
unload the luggage. okami stood at the bottom of the brick steps, looking 
up at the door. the four of them stepped up the stairs into their new 
home. 
“are you fucking kidding me!!” sam threw a plate across the room, 
yelling almost at the top of his lungs. “he decided to go home instead of 
coming to see me. who the fuck does this ‘fresh off the boat’ think he is? 
doesn’t he fucking know who i am?” he slammed his fist on the desk 
and said, “you get that little son of a bitch on the phone, and tell him to 
bring that tokyo shit to my office.” 
‘sam’ they called him, but it was short for ‘sama,’ which means: my 
esteemed self in japanese. “if he thinks that he’s gonna come here, and keep 
me from doing my job, he has got another thing coming! i have been 
running this clan for 20 fuckin’ years, and no young punk is going to come 
in and try to change that, especially some washed-up has been!” 
kazuhiro looked out of the patio window into his new backyard. it 
was fairly easy to get home and have it fully furnished with the 
connections he had. he just didn’t expect to get something this exquisite 
for the amount of money he put in. then again, land here in this country 
was a great deal more plentiful than in tokyo. 
satoshi walked up and stood next to him. “incredible view, isn’t it, 
boss?” 
“umm,” kazuhiro said, closing his eyes, and taking in the view as he 
rewound it in his head.  
“forgive me for interrupting you, boss, but it seems the kid says that 
this sam wants to see you today, right now,” satoshi added 
“hmm, send the kid home. tell him to come back tomorrow.” 
“oh wow,” satoshi said, “you are playing hardball straight out of the 
gate.” 
“no,” kazuhiro said, “the fact that he sent a rookie and no escort tells 
me exactly who he is, and who he thinks i am. he will be extremely pissed 
by the time we get there tomorrow. then i will be justified in doing what 
i plan. hopefully, he is a man easily insulted, then this will happen more 
quickly than i plan.” 
“so, you are testing the waters right now?” 
“yes, and you know this.” in a calm, collected voice kazuhiro said, 
“right now, satoshi, i need your input and don’t want you to play stupid 
with me.” 
satoshi looked at kazuhiro and sarcastically said, while holding his 
chest, “oh god, cut my heart out, why don’t ya.” then his face changed to 
a serious expression, that made him look like he had aged a few years. 
“well, this is how i see it,” satoshi continued. “where we are is the 
smallest, but the most promising area here in this country as far as the clan 
is concerned. the man running the clan’s name is goro tanaka. he goes 
by the name sam, which from what i can gather was not given to him. 
he made it for himself, arrogant bastard. he has been running the clan for 
the past 20 years. as far as success goes, he is pretty good.” he  
continued,  “however, with  sending money down, not so much. there 
are 27 members in this clan, and they make most of their money through 
illegal gambling, prostitution, and  drugs, and they also  own a 
few malls and restaurants. judging by how he reacts when dealing 
with the police, he is a hothead with power. that smart enough for you, 
old man?” 
“you missed one thing.” 
“and what might that be?” satoshi asked as he turned toward his 
good friend. 
“you forgot to add that his world is about to go to shit when we walk 
through that door. go tell the young man that he needs to pick us 
up tomorrow. however, for now, he needs to go back.” 
“he may not leave,” satoshi said. “his boss told him not to come 
back without us.” 
kazuhiro turned, walked to the stairway, and said, “well, then he can 
sleep in the driveway.” then he headed upstairs to check on his girls. 
okami walked through the house. it was so big, she was not sure 
which one she wanted as her room. as she went to go to the other 
side of the house, she almost ran into her father, who was on his way up 
the stairs. 
“oh sorry, papa.” 
 
“oh no, you are fine. what is going on with the ‘papa’ calling?”  
he asked her. 
“well, if i am going to be something great. i need to start sounding like 
“well,” kazuhiro chuckled, “make sure you reserve who you are from 
within no matter the changes you got going on there.” 
“yes, i will,” she said as she bowed quickly to him. 
“where is your mom?” 
“i think she is in a room on the other side of the stairs.” 
“thank you, kiddo.” he touched the top of his daughter’s hair. 
ayako stared out of the window in a room. kazuhiro sneaked up on 
her, but before he could grab her around the waist, she said, “hey, kazi.” 
he continued with his motion and squeezed her tight. “so, what do 
you think?” he asked, nuzzling her ear. 
“it’s nice. just when i was getting used to tokyo, we had to move 
again. however, the house is very roomy.” 
“have you picked out a bedroom yet?” 
ayako said, “this one will do: the walk-in closet, the whirlpool, and 
the glass-enclosed shower all to itself in this one room sold me.” 
“sounds good to me,” kazuhiro said as he closed the bedroom door, 
locking it. 
“kazi, i know that look. what are you about to do?” 
“if you have to ask, then i am doing something extremely wrong,” he 
said as he walked over to her and pulled out the two sticks holding her hair  
up. “god, damn,” he said while just looking at her. 
okami went downstairs and saw satoshi talking to the young man who 
brought them home from the airport. she walked to the kitchen. the floor 
was marble. there was an island in the middle with an industrial-type 
stovetop. everything in the house was brand new. she opened up the 
fridge: it was stocked full. 
satoshi saw okami in the fridge and picked up an apple. then he said, 
“hey.” as she turned, the apple was already in the air, having been tossed 
underhanded at her head. okami, without even thinking, moved out of 
the way, pushing the apple into the fridge, then quickly closing the fridge 
door. 
she looked straight at satoshi with a focus on her face that was not 
there a few seconds before. satoshi started to laugh out loud. “oohhhh 
weeeee, you are a natural kid. training begins tomorrow. be ready. but 
until then, have fun around the house. pretty cool, huh?” 
okami just looked at him, puzzled. he was an interesting man. then 
she realized that she was being rude, snapped back, and said, “yes it is.” 
they talked for hours and okami learned a lot. 
the next morning, okami and her father sat side by side in the 
kneeling position. “we have many lessons to learn, and in time you will 
learn them all. but before you learn how to kill a person, you must first 
learn how to silence your mind.” 
okami folded her hands and closed her eyes. it started well at first, but 
as a few minutes went by, scenes from that night kept flashing in and out  
of her head. she tried to push them back, but they kept coming. she began 
to sweat, and her breathing became rapid. as hard as she tried, she was 
unable to make the scenes stop playing in her head. she quickly opened 
her eyes and took a deep breath. 
her father looked over at her and said, “that will be your lesson for 
the next month. when you can allow thoughts to go through your mind 
and let them pass, you will achieve peace. become one with your 
thoughts, and they will no longer control you. no matter how frightening 
your thoughts may be, what has happened has already been done. you can’t 
change it but you can endure it. the only power it gets now is the power you 
give it, kiddo. it is now a part of you. embrace it, for it shall never go away. 
use it to make you stronger, faster, and more proficient than anyone 
you meet.” 
he brushed the bangs out of her face and said, “practice that. i will see 
you later on today, and we will be here again tomorrow morning.” 
kazuhiro got up and walked out of the room. 
okami would not move; she was determined to get this down even if 
it took all day. before kazuhiro turned the corner, he looked back at his 
daughter, sitting there in the lotus position. if he didn’t feel someone’s 
presence, he would have run right into satoshi, who was leaning up against 
the wall. 
“she is going to be ok, boss. after all, she is your daughter.” 
kazuhiro continued walking as satoshi followed. “that is not what 
worries me,” kazuhiro said. “she will succeed, i know that, and she will  
surpass me in every way. but she has an emptiness in her that if it is not 
filled; no matter what she does, it will never be enough.” 
“hmmm,” satoshi said, “spoken by a man who knows all too well 
about that.” 
“we leave in 15 minutes.” kazuhiro changed the subject. “do you 
have what we need?” 
“yeah, the car is parked outside. would you believe that boy is still 
sitting outside?” 
“that is impressive, so there is some discipline here. we can use that. i 
will meet you outside. everything should go exactly as we planned.” 
“oh yeah,” satoshi said, “this is going to be fun. i have not done 
something like this since my baby years in narcotics. the game is afoot, my 
dear kazuhiro,” satoshi said in an awful attempt at a british accent. 
kazuhiro smiled at his friend, shook his head, and walked away. 
“what the hell is going on with you? you are incompetent!” sam 
punched the guard in the face. “there is no way i am drinking this crap. i 
told you nothing younger than 67, and you bring me this shit? get out of 
my face, you fool!” he said as he kicked the man in his ribs. the man 
stumbled out of the room and passed by the young man who had picked 
up the tokugawa family from the airport. 
“sam,” the young man said. 
“what? goddam it,” sam retorts with his back turned to the door, 
looking at the bottle of scotch, scowling.  
“mr. tokugawa is here.” 
“oh really? great! it’s about fucking time.” then he sat down at his 
desk and said, “show the fobbie in.” 
kazuhiro sat as satoshi stood next to him, both of them a sign of 
complete self-discipline, looking alert but at the same time every bit 
relaxed. from the looks of things, this sam person had money and power 
but was extremely sloppy. his guards sat down at the door; women were 
walking around everywhere, some clothed, some barely; a few of them 
looked like they had been beaten. some were sitting on the laps of some of 
the men, making out on the couch. 
kazuhiro could hear sex sounds from one of the rooms and saw one 
man come out of the bathroom with two women buttoning his shirt. the 
place was very well decorated and furnished, vintage this and that 
throughout the high-rise condo, but the place was filthy and cluttered. 
drugs and alcohol sat on tables and weapons were randomly just lying 
around. he noticed a few of the men and he could see just by body posture 
they still had promise and potential, but the rest were just undisciplined 
thugs, and he knew that if this clan, his clan, were to be the center of this 
country and eventually the world, that had to change. 
the young man who took them to the airport came walking back and 
said, “sam wants to see you now. be careful — he is in one of his pissed-
off moods.” 
satoshi spoke and said, “huh, and that means what to us?” the boy 
looked shocked for a second, then regained his composure. “oh, you must  
not know about him. well, everything is ok until he raises his voice, then all 
hell breaks loose, and he won’t calm down until he hurts someone or 
throws something.” 
“so, he is like that?” satoshi said. then he looked at kazuhiro, who 
just looked straight ahead with no reaction at all. “well, lead the way, kid,” 
satoshi said. he switched from english to japanese. “so, how are we gonna 
deal with him, boss?” 
“be civil until it no longer works,” kazuhiro answered. they walked 
down a long narrow hall that led into a very spacious and well-lit office. 
the drapes were victorian; the windows were long and high. sam sat at a 
large oak desk. this was the only place in the house that was impeccably 
neat. nothing was out of place; the pictures on the wall were all collectors’ 
items, and the furniture - was modern and well-maintained. 
this surprised kazuhiro, but it confirmed his assumptions about this 
sam person. he was a selfish, self-centered, egotistical man. kazuhiro 
despised men like that. once one becomes a leader, he can no longer just 
think about himself. there is no place in this world for men like that. his 
egocentric attitude made kazuhiro sick. 
“hey, sam,” the young man said. “here they are.” he then sat down 
on one of the couches and picked up a magazine. the two of them walked 
closer to the desk and bowed, saying nothing. 
“ahhhh, so you are the guy sent from japan. i was told to expect only 
one of you. who is this guy?” 
“i am mr. tokugawa’s assistant.” kazuhiro stood upright, but satoshi  
stayed bowing. “we do apologize for any inconvenience we might have 
caused you.” 
sam smirked and grunted out, “so, he can’t speak to me?” 
kazuhiro could sense that this sam person was getting a bit agitated. 
so soon? he thought. he was hoping that the man would have just a bit 
more self-control. it would have been fun to manipulate the situation 
without violence; however, he could see it coming to that. 
“what?” sam continued, “am i not good enough to talk to?” sam 
hated that part of his culture: a real man would address people directly and 
not through some damn puppet. ok, ok, he said to himself, calm down. 
they are new. they don’t know you just yet. a small demonstration will put 
fear in their eyes. 
he got out of his chair, walked around his desk, and leaned back, 
allowing the desk to support his weight. “see, you two are new in town. 
you don’t  know who and what i am. i will forgive your transgressions 
— this time. forgive my manners. i mean, you are guests from japan. 
can i get you anything tea, sake, sushi, a chopstick?” 
“no, thank you. we are fine,” satoshi answered. 
“what the fuck?” sam yelled. “i invited you into my home,” he stood 
up, “i sent someone to retrieve you from the airport,” he started to walk 
forward. “all i asked was that you come and see me on your way home, 
and you couldn’t even fucking do that!” sam yelled at the top of his voice. 
satoshi stepped forward. “mr. tokugawa was unable to obey your  
request because his daughter was just released from the hospital.” 
“i don’t think i was talking to you, little shit,” sam said to satoshi and 
cranked his arm back to sock him in the face. satoshi closed his eyes and 
bowed his head. shit! he said to himself. you better be fast, old man, ‘cause i 
don’t want a punch in the face by this asshole. 
sam felt good. the anticipation of smashing this little man’s face 
would most certainly bring the fear and respect he was going to need from 
these two fobs. he could not wait to feel the little man's jaw crunch against 
the force and power of his fist. 
“ok, well i guess the fun is over,” kazuhiro said as he reached around 
satoshi, grabbing the fist of the gangster, twisting his wrist, and using his 
momentum against him. pulling his arm down, and striking sam in the 
solar plexus, kazuhiro sent him upside down, looking at the ceiling. sam 
hit the floor with a thud, knocking his wind out. 
satoshi reached into his jacket and pulled out a .45 caliber hk, and 
some funny-looking knife that he flipped around on his fingers. the 
guards in the room reluctantly went for their weapons. 
satoshi pointed his weapon in their direction and said, “really, 
gentlemen? you wanna die for him?” as he cocked his head in the direction 
of the former clan boss lying on the floor. satoshi heard weapons click 
back to safety and grinned. 
kazuhiro stood over sam, his arm in the air wrist twisted in an 
unwilling position. “goko tanaka,” kazuhiro said, finally speaking in 
perfect english. “this is no longer your clan; it is mine.”  
“how dare you come in here and try to — aagghhh,” sam said as 
kazuhiro twisted his arm. sam could feel his tendons ripping. 
“i see it as one of the two ways for this incident to turn out for you. 
would you like to hear it?” 
“fuck you,” sam said, “and you’re gonna have to break my arm ‘cause 
there is no way i’m gonna just hand over all my hard work to someone like 
you.” 
“maybe you will be a bit more understanding when you are in pain.” 
kazuhiro could have just used a little pressure and that would have done 
the trick, but he noticed that everyone was watching, and he knew he 
could kill two birds with one stone. so he pressed down and made sure 
everyone heard the audible crack of sam’s wrist, radius, and humerus 
snapping one after the other. sam screamed so loud it was almost sad. he 
sounded like a little girl, with high-pitched screaming at the top of his 
lungs. bullies love dishing out the pain but are extremely unable to take 
it. kazuhiro stood up from his knees pressed against sam’s back; he 
straightened his jacket, dusted off the high-back leather chair, and sat in 
it. he could not stand the damn chair, but he also realized that until he 
established his authority, he had to ride off the symbolic power of this 
weak shit. 
he sat up straight, put his hands on the desk, and said, “kid, pick him 
up.” 
everyone stood; no one made a sound. they just looked at kazuhiro, 
dumbfounded. satoshi walked around the desk and stood beside him.  
“kid,” satoshi said, “help him up.” the young man took in a deep breath, 
walked over to goko, formerly known as sam, and helped him up on the 
couch. 
kazuhiro looked around the room now full of every single person in 
the house. “it has been my experience,” he said in a calm clear voice, 
“that people seem to pay more attention to key topics of a conversation 
when in extreme pain. you, goko, are a pitiful man. you have run this clan 
into the ground for over 20 years. the blacks have moved in on your 
territory from the south, the hispanics from the north, the italians from 
the west. however, you still seem to have enough money to afford all this 
and a pretty decent crew.” 
kazuhiro continued, “i’m guessing this is only possible because you 
have sold out your fellow comrades, and have placed yourself in a position 
of being a well-paid whore. we are yakuza, and the only people we bow 
down to are those who are more powerful than us. everyone else should 
tremble in fear. i am here to regain what you have destroyed.” 
then he crossed his fingers on the desk and looked around the room. 
satoshi pointed at one of the men standing and said, “you, please take this 
man to the hospital. falling down the stairs can be extremely painful. i 
need to see all the officers, involved accountants, secretaries, treasurers, 
and everyone assigned to different areas — i need you here. the rest of 
you may leave.” he could have said, don’t go too far, but he knew they 
had nowhere else to go. 
  
a small, frail man stepped forward and said, “excuse me, sir.” 
“yes?” satoshi said. “we don’t really have anything like that here. mr. 
sam had all of that information himself.” 
sam was being helped out the door. “hey!” satoshi said, “you have 
two choices. tell me where i can find everything — passcodes, and stuff 
— so you can get to the hospital, and get something for all that pain. or 
you can stay here with me, and go through some of this paperwork. what’s 
it gonna be?” 
sam looked up and said, “all of the information you need to know is 
in the upper-right drawer.” then he took a key from around his neck and 
handed it to someone to give to satoshi. “everything else you need, that 
key will get for you. may i please leave, now?” 
“sure,” satoshi said. “and please make sure that he is well taken care 
of,” he said to the man walking him out of the room. “well, in that case, 
everyone leaves. i will be calling you. it is a new day. things are going to 
change: some you will like, others…wellllll.” he crossed his arms and said, 
“new beginnings are not always so sweet.” 
everyone just stood and looked at him, dumbfounded. nobody 
moved, then the young man lifted his head and said, “you heard the man! 
let’s go, people — outside!” they poured out of the room like herded 
cattle; then the door was closed behind them. 
“oh wow, that was fun!!” satoshi said. “your plan went well, boss.” 
kazuhiro crossed his arms and rested his chin on the fist of his left hand.  
he glanced down at his missing pinky, then said, “from now on, we 
will be the face of the yakuza.” then he turned his chair around and 
looked out the window over the city. he had to say something for the 
taste of the previous boss. he understood the concept of location. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
o 
 
 
 
chapter 12 : anxiety attack  
 
 
 
 
kami sat on the leather couch with her legs crossed, slowly 
rubbing her left arm. she couldn’t feel her right hand rubbing 
her left arm. she could feel the scars on her arm with the 
fingertips of her right hand as she slowly traced the scars. her body was 
numb, and at the same time, her body just hurt all over. she stared out of 
the window blankly and imagined her home in japan: the goldfish pond, 
the bamboo trees, and her father’s rock garden. 
 
she longed to be back home. she wanted to be back home where she 
was safe. no, not safe — she wanted to feel as if she belonged. at this 
moment, she felt nothing. she wanted to feel real pain, real sorrow, real 
 
something, but all she could feel was just the emptiness inside of her. 
an image quickly flashed before her: she felt ropes around her neck 
and legs; she felt the warm breath against her body. the more she thought 
about it, the more she tried not to, and the more she tried not to, the more 
she did. she wanted to cry but didn’t feel like it. she wanted to scream. 
she wanted to run down the street and yell at the top of her lungs, but she 
could not. all she could do was just sit in silence, holding her arm. 
she began to rub her arm again, and this time it was wet. as she looked 
down, blood ran down her arm where she had unknowingly squeezed her 
left arm, so hard that her nails dug deep into the flesh, drawing blood. 
it was at that moment she knew what she had to do. the pain she felt 
was unbearable. she slowly climbed off the couch, wiping the tiny droplets 
off the couch with her gown. then in a zombie-like fashion, she walked 
through the house, and out the back door to a small little well-put-together 
shack. the roof had well-polished wooden shingles, and the wooden floor 
outside of the shack wrapped around the base like a grass skirt. 
okami walked up to the sliding doors and pushed one open. taking 
her shoes off, she walked inside an empty, lightly furnished room. on her 
far left an altar stood with a picture over it. her father told her that that 
man was the father of aikido. directly in front of her, bamboo swords were 
ceremoniously placed on the wall. 
each one had a stand, where it was horizontally hung. she slowly 
walked over to the wall and reached out her hands to touch the bamboo. 
she could feel the leather straps, the smooth contour of the bamboo, and  
the firm, the soft leather handle of the shini. she held it in her hand 
for a moment, then took her left hand and held the bamboo sword at the 
handle with it. she felt the weight of the sword and shifted it from hand to 
hand. she was quite shocked that she could feel the shini in her left hand. 
she dropped it and grabbed her hand, but felt nothing in her fingers. 
okami began to breathe hard, and she could feel her heartbeat. small 
droplets of perspiration formed around her nose and forehead. she looked 
at her hand as fear ripped through her body, and then she grinned not a 
happy grin, but a grin that people get when they have realized what and 
who they were. 
she reached down and grabbed the bamboo stick with her left hand, 
and touched it with her fingertips. yes, she really could, she really could 
feel the object with her hand. she quickly grabbed it and held the shini in 
her hand slowly swinging it. she realized that the sweat and her heart 
pounding in her chest was not her fear, but her excitement. she 
understood what it meant, and she became determined and driven to have 
this feeling even more. she swung the light bamboo stick left and right, up 
and down, faster and faster. she could feel her body begin to get sore as she 
reached the point of exhaustion, and pushed past it. she stopped, sensing 
someone behind her, and she slightly jumped. 
“i’m sorry, princess,” her father said, leaning up against the doorframe 
of the dojo, shoes off and arms crossed. he had a medium-sized frame, and 
his posture was always erect. 
“here, let me show you something,” he said as he walked through the 
threshold of the dojo. he stood behind her and put his right hand on her  
left arm, twirling her in a circle, and her mind went back to the night 
haruo danced with her. 
“ahhhhhhhh!” okami let out a scream. her eyes were as big as 
saucers and she stood frozen, looking at her father’s hand on her left. her 
father quickly turned her around, shielding her body from whatever 
danger she was screaming from, and as he held her, she screamed louder — 
not moving, just looking down at her left arm, tears streaming down her 
face. 
kazuhiro frantically ran his hands around his daughter’s body, making 
sure she had not been hurt. he grabbed her face with both hands, and his 
throat was shut tight and dry. all he wanted to know was what was wrong. 
at that moment, okami fainted in his arms. kazuhiro scooped up his 
daughter in his arms, ran to the house, and yelled for someone to come 
help. 
satoshi was already at the door. kazuhiro shot past him and made his 
way toward the house. satoshi was on his heels, cell phone in one hand, 
and on the phone with the doctor. his face was serious and worried, his 
forehead wrinkled. “doctor is on his way,” he said, knowing that he might 
or might not have been heard. 
kazuhiro stood, holding his wife, and looked at the doctor. his eyes 
were focused on every word, and his ears hurt due to his intense focus on 
what was being said. 
“so, your daughter is in great health,” he said. “are you aware she is 
unable to feel anything on the left side of her body?”  
“yes,” they both said in unison. kazuhiro patiently waited. 
the doctor looked at both of them and smiled. as he leaned on 
the doorframe and crossed his 17-inch arms, he took in a deep breath and 
said, “please forgive me when i say this, and i want you to know i speak 
out of turn in concern, no nosiness. i noticed your daughter has many 
cuts on her arm on the left side. they don’t look any more than three 
months old. has she experienced any traumatic events within the past few 
months?” 
“why does that matter?” ayako said as she took a step forward. her 
husband gently touched her hand, and she cast her eyes at him. 
“if you have something to say about this, doctor, please say it now. we 
are not very patient people when it comes to our daughter.” 
“have the two of you ever heard of post-traumatic stress disorder 
or ptsd? it usually occurs after a traumatic event. it can happen 
anywhere from one week to six years; it all depends on the person. it 
appears that your daughter’s brain is taking a very aggressive approach to 
healing. you will notice she will sleep a lot more than usual.” 
“yes, that has been the case,” her mother replied. “she is either up and 
mostly stays in the house, very seldom ever venturing out, or she is asleep.” 
“well, that is her body repairing itself. i’m not a psychologist; 
however, i know a good one who will help your daughter, and not just 
pump her full of medication. if you like, i will give her a call and have her 
contact you.” 
“thank you, doctor,” kazuhiro said, walking up to him and placing  
$10,000 in the doctor’s hand. “i am extremely grateful for you being here, 
and showing up on time. i would love to speak to her — every little bit 
will help.” ayako pulled out her cell phone and searched for ptsd. 
“not a problem,” the doctor said. “i will make sure everything is taken 
care of, and you will not have to worry. your daughter is a pretty amazing 
young lady to have survived whatever it was, that she went through. it will 
take some time to get her back to being herself again. however, with 
support, a few techniques, and a great deal of love, she will be just fine.” 
“thank you, doctor, for everything.” 
“you are so welcome! i will let myself out,” and with that, doctor 
michigan strolled down the hallway as satoshi escorted him to the door. 
ayako was deep into her phone reading and researching. kazuhiro 
knew what that look was, and that there was no pulling her away. once his 
wife got focused, some of the greatest minds in the world could not match 
her intensity. 
he didn’t care. all he wanted to do was get to his daughter. he kissed 
his wife on the forehead and took that long walk up the stairs toward 
his daughter’s room. 
he gently knocked on the door and opened it. okami was sitting up 
on her bed, staring out the window. her facial expression was blank. she 
just sat there with covers up to her waist, hands folded, sitting straight up 
in bed, just staring. “hey princess,” he said as he walked over and sat on 
her bed. when okami heard her father’s voice, her heart felt relieved, but 
her body was tense. what was that? what happened to her? he asked himself  
for the hundredth time. “how are you feeling? he asked. 
“i’m ok, papa, i just, i just—" and she started to break down and cry 
again. he went to touch her and she pulled away. 
“what’s wrong, princess?” he said, doing his best to not show his 
concern for how she was acting. he knew it was not him and he wanted to 
know what it was. he looked at her and said, “you don’t have to ever tell 
me; you don’t have to tell me now. but if and when you are ready to tell 
me, i would like to know what happened earlier today.” 
okami looked up at her father and with tears in her eyes, she said, 
“papa, i’m sorry, i’m so sorry, i didn’t mean to do that. i’m so sorry,” and 
she fell into his chest, soaking his white dress shirt with tears. all she could 
say over and over again was, “i’m sorry, i’m sorry.” 
kazuhiro said nothing but held his daughter in his hands. he was not sure 
what she needed, but he did know that right now she needed him. he sat 
on the bed and just held his daughter. three hours later, okami looked up 
at her father and said, “papa, can i tell you something and you not get mad 
at me?” 
“of course, princess. there is nothing you can do that would make me 
mad at you,” and she knew he meant it. 
she pulled out her left arm from under the covers and said, “touch 
me.” 
kazuhiro looked at his daughter’s extended arm and gently touched 
her. she flinched and pulled her arm from his hands, quickly putting it  
back under the covers. all the blood rushed from her face, and the only 
thing she could do was look at her father. with tears welling up in her eyes, 
she said, “i can feel that.” 
“really?” her father said, as he leaned back on her bed and put his arm 
around her. 
“i’m sorry, papa,” she said, looking up at him with tears in her eyes. 
“i’m sorry i was not strong enough.” 
“oohhh, nonsense,” her father said. “do you have any idea how 
much strength it takes to go through what you have, and still want to live? 
i am very proud of you. this is no big deal; this is something that we can 
work through.” he sat up with excitement on his face. “tell me more 
about this, what an incredible opportunity.” 
okami looked at her father’s face and smiled; he was genuinely excited. 
she was not sure why, but all of her fear and anxiety just melted away. she 
sat up in bed and began to speak. her father just listened and listened and 
listened. 
“you know what really happened, papa?” okami said to her father. “no, 
what happened?” 
okami looked up and said, “when you touched my hand, i could feel 
all the pain i had ever had on it. it hurt so badly, i couldn’t speak. i wanted 
to cry out and tell you, but i couldn’t and every time you touched me, i 
could feel everything: every cut, every bruise, every time i banged my hand 
against the wall or closed it in a door, everything came all at once, and it 
hurt, papa. it hurt badly.” her eyes were pointed at her father, but she was  
not looking at him. she was somewhere else, and all kazuhiro could do 
was hold his daughter and listen. 
ayako leaned on the doorframe and smiled, a tear running down her 
cheek. she walked downstairs and began to make tea. kazuhiro came 
down a few minutes later. she gracefully rose to her feet, and walked over 
to her husband, wrapping her arms around him. burying her face into his, 
she could hear his heartbeat and smell his sweet scent, always so pleasant. 
kazuhiro put his arm around his wife and said, “you seem to be happy.” 
“i am,” she said, talking through his chest. she leaned back and looked 
at him, her eyes wide and bright, her teeth showing as she spoke through 
her smile. “you are her connection. you are her anchor. this is beautiful.” 
she let him go and danced around the room. kazuhiro pulled out a 
chair and sat down, for he knew when she was on a roll like this, there was 
no stopping her. she began to sing and hum, and then stopped, turned, 
and looked at him while walking to her tea. 
“i heard what she said, and hun, you have no idea how incredible that 
is. with you, she now has hope. you can teach her how to feel. there is no 
way she can be who you are if she cannot feel. she will always be in danger. 
she will be fine; she will compensate for what she lacks. i have never seen 
anyone so resilient.” 
“she is your daughter,” he said with a chuckle. 
“i read about this before,” she said while pacing the floor, “while 
okami was in her coma, i was reading about the brain, and it said that 
sometimes the brain shuts off parts of the body, and only a person that they  
truly trust and love can access it. some people go their whole lives never 
finding that person. very seldom is the person in the family. due to the 
high level of dependency, it is hard to trust. however, she seems to be all 
of that and more with you. it’s amazing, hun, and i don’t have any words 
to say, but i am so happy for our daughter. between the three of us, we will 
make this work, and she will be the best this world has ever seen. she will 
be our greatest legacy and the family name takagowa will be known 
throughout the world. this is what i see, my love.” 
kazuhiro’s body tensed. he could feel an urge building in him that 
had been dormant for a very long time. he swore he would never be that 
man again, yet for some reason, he knew that if he ever became the man he 
once was, he would be better, wiser, and more cunning. i never thought i 
would ever think of this, he said to himself. i never thought i would go against 
myfather, but i have noother choice. his body tensed andhis heart began to 
quicken. he could feel his heartbeat and hear everything around him. he 
smiled ever so slightly. could this be? he asked himself. i have not felt this way in 
a very long time. however, my body is telling me that it is what i know to be true. hello, old 
friend, it is good to feel you again. it has 
been a while since i have felt fear. 
   
 
 
 