10 Okami Young Assassin The Beginning In a world full of pain, nobody can hear you scream. Hurt Porter II ii © 2023 by Hurt Porter III. All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced in any written, electronic, recording, or photocopying form without the written permission of the publisher or author. The exception would be in the case of brief quotations embodied in the critical articles or reviews and pages where the publishe r or author specifically grants permission. Although every precaution has been taken to verify the accuracy of the information contained herein, the author and publisher assume no responsibility for any errors or omissions. No liability is assumed for damages that may result from the use of the information contained within. iii The book may be purchased by contacting the publisher and author at: www.authorhurtporteriii.com Cover Design: LIG LLC Interior Design: LIG LLC Publisher: LIG LLC Editor: LIG LLC ISBN-10: 8885677398 ISBN-13: 9798885677394 iv Dedication… To my dear son Ashitaka, I am filled with love and gratitude as I dedicate this book to you. From the moment you were born, you have been a source of inspiration and joy in my life. Your presence has given me the drive and motivation to work hard and make a better future for both of us. I have always been committed to loving and supporting you in every way I can, and I am proud of the person you have become. Your determination and strength inspire me every day, and I am grateful to have you as my son. I hope that these words will outlive me and that you can share them with your children and grandchildren in the years to come. You are the most important person in my life and I love you more than anything in the world. v This book is a small expression of my appreciation for you and the love you have brought into my life. I am forever grateful to have you as my son. To all of those who supported my book project, I am deeply grateful to every one of you for your contributions to the creation and reality of this book. Your support and encouragement have been a constant source of motivation and inspiration throughout the years, and I am grateful for your unwavering belief in me. I want to wholeheartedly thank my publisher, Destinee Hawkins. Your dedication, commitment, and integrity have been invaluable to the success of this project, and I am grateful for your hard work and contributions. You are a blessing to me and a joy to work with, and I am thankful for your support. This book would not have been possible without the support of all of you. Thank you for your invaluable contributions and for never giving up on me. You made this possible! And to Mr. Chris Daughtery and his wife Jovita, I am deeply grateful to both of you for the impact you have had on my life and for the invaluable support and guidance you have provided me. Your non-profit organization, From Boys to Gentlemen, has made a positive difference in our community and I am indebted for having the opportunity to be a part of it. Your dedication to helping others and making a difference in the world is an inspiration to me, and I want to thank you for how you have helped me grow and become a better man and father. vi Jovita, I am especially grateful for your support and for being a shining example of what it means to have someone's back. Your strength and guidance are worth admiration. I hope that this message will serve as a token of my appreciation for all that you have done for me. Thank you for your unwavering support and for always believing in me. With love and appreciation. And to Dr. Rosenna Bakari, I am deeply grateful to you for your support and guidance throughout my life. Your insights and teachings have helped me to understand and nurture the wounded, traumatized man inside of me, and I am forever thankful for the positive impact you have had on my life. Without your wisdom and guidance, this book would not have been possible. You have truly saved my life and I just couldn’t do it without you. Thank you for all that you have done for me. I am deeply grateful to have you in my life. With love and appreciation. To all of those who contributed to the creation of this book, I am deeply grateful for how you have supported and impacted me over the years. Your presence in my life, whether through a single encounter or a longer-lasting relationship, has been a constant source of support and education. I am thankful for the opportunity to have made an impact in your lives vii as well, and I pray that my contributions have been as meaningful to you as yours have been to me. I appreciate each one of you for your support and for the positive influence you have had on my life. Thank you for your unwavering belief in me and for always being there for me. Your contributions to the creation of this book are deeply appreciated and will not be forgotten. viii Table of Contents Acknowledgment ........................................................................................................... 1 Chapter 1: Lilies Grow ................................................................................................. 2 Chapter 2: Creation of a Water Lily ......................................................................... 9 Chapter 3: The Lily Rises to the Surface...............................................................40 Chapter 4: If She Blossoms, All Hell Will Break Loose ................................47 Ch a pt er 5: The Water Lily Begins to Blossom ......................................................57 Chapter 6: The Lily Speaks and Whispers the Truth ........................................68 Chapter 7: The Dragon Wakes Up from a Very Long Sleep ...................... 100 Chapter 8: It Seems We Are at a Crossroad ..................................................... 111 Chapter 9: The Lily Chooses Full Bloom ....................................................... 129 Chapter 10: The Lily Blooms and Sees Blood ................................................. 155 Chapter 11: New Beginnings Are Not Always So Sweet.............................. 165 Chapter 12: Anxiety Attack .................................................................................... 186 1 Acknowledgment DrAisha Ebony Holmes Amanda Saludares Amber Ramirez-Hoffman Angela and James Kaatz Brittany Hopkins Christina Baca Clinton Eugene Ward Christina Hernandez Christine Tangishaka Chris and Jovita Daughtery Cheryl Windom Donovan Davis Elizabeth Jennings Evangeline Washington - TurnerJillian Fortin and Chris Burtnett Jimisu and Doug Balko Johnny and Misty Bakane JOHNNY REYES Kassey Banks Lenita Cornett Luther Johnson & Althea Rene Melissa Medina Matthew Jasso Mai Hoang Melba Davis NeneGabz Nonato Gaabucayan PAMELA BLOUNT Pamela Ann Richard T. Woods Ruthie Oberg V Renee Fletcher DR. Rosenna Bakari Shara Hatcher-Galindo Shauna Despins and Tim Budd Omar Bashir Vanessa Johnston Violesia Tull Will Smith Realm Zaira Ramirez Wolff JohDR. Esmeralda Q. Ramirez- Peña LaRhonda RainbowTrader Howard Shara Hatcher-Galindo Ruthie Oberg Tara Bush & David M Jones Triant-Efstathia Triant 2 O Chapter 1 : Lilies Grow kami gazed down at the pond, out of her two-story Tokyo home window. It was a well-decorated but small backyard. As she put on her earrings, she watched the goldfish swim around under the floating water lilies. Okami enjoyed looking down from her window at the clear, cool water. Sometimes she would sit for hours staring into the pool of unlimited imagination. How free everything appeared; she longed not to be so bound by duty, honor, and responsibility. Her thoughts were interrupted when she heard her name being called. It was 3 Astuko. It was Saturday, and they would go to the mall every day around this time, drink boba, and look at boys. “Okami,” Astuko whined, “you’re not ready yet?” She continued “Come on, the boys will be there. Haruo got a new car, and you know we can’t be the last to see that.” “So what!” Okami spat. “It’s just a car. Why do you even care, Astuko?” Okami took off her skirt and went back to her closet to pick out another. “Oh, please,” Astuko said, then looked at Okami rolling her eyes. “You want to be there just as much as I do. Everyone knows you have the biggest crush on Haruo. His father is one of the most powerful men in Tokyo.” “Okay, so?” Okami replied. “Sooo!” Astuko said in her high, giggly voice, “You are the only one that knows him better than the rest of us, which means you have a better chance of getting it from him.” "It!? What do you mean by ‘it’?” Okami frowned and covered her mouth as she and Astuko giggled together. Okami was not sure what everyone meant by “it,” but she knew that whatever “it” was, Haruo had the biggest chance of getting “IT.” Okami put on her skirt and shoes, fixed her hair, and raced downstairs with Astuko. Okami’s parents were sitting on the kitchen floor and stopped the girls. “Where are you going in such a hurry?” her mother asked as she sat down her cup of tea in front of Okami’s father. 4 “We are going to the mall, Mother. It’s Saturday!” Okami squeaked out, trying to hold back her excitement through the smile on her face. Her father looked at her with his emotionless face and said, “Well, be careful and be home at a decent time tonight.” Astuko whispered s o m e t h in g in Okami’s ear, and then Okami said, “Well, I thought I would stay at Astuko's home tonight, with your permission, Father.” Her father grunted, looked at her, and smiled. He seldom smiled, but she could always bring that out in him. “Ok, make sure that you are safe, Okami.” He looked at her mother, pulled out his phone, and began to write on it. Okami’s mother smiled back as Okami and Astuko quickly yet silently made their way to the door, put on their shoes, and darted down the street, laughing and giggling until they were out of sight. “You know, you spoil her way too much,” Okami’s mother said as she sat down next to her husband and poured herself another cup of tea. Mr. Kazuhiro Tokugawa looked at his wife and gently smiled. “That may be true, my love, but she is a good child. She has never caused us any need for alarm or worry.” Mrs. Tokugawa sat up, adjusted her pillow, and said, “Yes, you are right. It’s not our daughter that bothers me. It’s that Astuko I worry about.” “Oh, Ayako, she is our daughter. Okami will be fine. She is as stubborn as a water buffalo and equally strong. Be more concerned with her getting 5 Astuko into trouble than the other way around.” He touched his wife’s face and remembered all the years back. She was still as beautiful as she was many years ago when he met her. She must have loved him too, just as much back then to give up everything and move to Tokyo to live with him. She touched his hand, and with closed eyes, she said, “Always remember, husband, she is not like the other girls.” He pulled his hand away from her face and asked, “Why must you always remind me of that? She is good, she is kind, and her soul is pure. She can win anyone over, regardless of where she comes from or her bloodline.” Ayako looked at her husband with loving eyes. “Your heart is too open, my husband. You always want to see the good in things, even though you are surrounded by evil.” “What else can I do, Ayako? I know our daughter is of mixed blood. So are you, and look where you are and what you have.” “Yes,” Ayako replied, “But getting here was hard. I was teased and hurt. I learned how to fight at ten because the other kids would attack me. I didn’t live in Japan, and that happened. What do you think your daughter goes through?” He knew she was right; he also knew that things were changing. This was becoming a different Japan, whether the people liked it. Tradition would change and, just as it always had been in the past, Japan would be 6 dragged kicking and screaming into the new era and then suddenly, overnight adapt. He knew what they called his daughter behind his back, and he would never be promoted or given any office above what he already had because of who his wife was. He looked at her and said, “I know all of these things, but it is time that some things change, and if it must start with me, then it shall.” He looked at Ayako and said, “You are still as beautiful today as you were when I first saw you.” He pulled her close to him and wrapped his arms around her waist. She smiled, put her hand behind his head, and straddled him, looking into his eyes. “You mean when I was a teacher’s aide, and you were the cocky boy from Japan.” She shook her head. Then she said, “God, I hated you.” Kazuhiro laughed. “I know, but I still had to have you.” “Yeah, and you worked on it, didn’t you?” She kissed him gently on his neck. “I never had to try so hard to get someone to like me as I did with you,” he replied, as he slid his hands down her waist and rested them on her still firm and shapely ass. “But I’m sure it was worth the wait,” she said as she slid her hands down his chest and reached into his pants. He wrapped his arms around her waist and stood straight up from the sitting position, still holding her in his arms. She always loved when he did that. He was always so firm and unmovable. Well, to everyone else, but not to her. She grinned and kissed him deeply as they walked past the bedroom and into her husband’s 7 study. He slid the door closed behind them. As the two girls ran down the street around the corner, Astuko said to Okami, “Your father scares me, but he is not as scary as my father.” “Yes, he is firm, but he means well. It’s my mother you need to be afraid of. She knows everything there is to know about and acts like she does not know. My father is even afraid of my mom, although he tries to act like he is not. Oh, wait!” Okami said in a half-lost voice from running. “Slow down, Astuko!” Okami stopped in front of the store window and looked inside. The most beautiful kimono she had ever laid eyes on was in the far corner of the display casing. The color, the shape, and the style were so her. She knew it. Every time she passed by, she would stop and look at that one over and over again. “Oh, come on, let’s go!” Astuko said. “You look at that every time we come this way. I don’t see why you don’t just ask your dad to buy it for you. He has the money, and there is nothing that he won’t buy if you ask.” “I know,” Okami sighed,” but I want to buy this one myself.” Astuko shook her head and said, “I’ll never understand you. You have a lifestyle that most girls only dream of. But instead of living it up, you want to make your own money and buy your own clothes. Why?” Okami looked at her good friend and said, “I don’t know why. I just feel it’s something I need to do on my own. It feels good when I do. I don’t care how I get my things.” With a hand on her waist, Astuko said, “Just as long as someone else is 8 buying it for me.” Okami poked her and said, “And they always do — you are so bad.” Then she pushed her on her shoulder, knocking her off balance, and took off running. “Hurry up,” she said. “We are going to be late for the train.” Okami could drive or be driven just about anywhere she wanted to go. But her mother insisted that she learn other ways to get around town. “You never know when you will need to be resourceful,” her mother would say. “Enjoy your independence while you can. It won’t be long before you have no choices.” Okami thought her mother was great and loved to hear her stories of her homeland, and the advice she gave was never wrong. Just sometimes Okami wished her mother didn’t always have to be so pushy. “You’re going to be a woman soon,” her mother would say. “Always remember that.” Out of all the mothers in Tokyo, Okami had to get the one that refused to completely be a Japanese woman. They finally made it to the train station, where Astuko used her phone to purchase the tickets only moments before the train arrived. They hopped on board, and as the door closed, Astuko yelled out, “We are freeeee! It’s party time!!” H Chapter 2 : Creation of a Water Lily aruo hit 75 km/hr. as he drifted around the corner of the Tokyo mountain road in his new Lexus LS LC. This car held on to the road as if it were glued. But, for 4 million yen, it should. He pushed a button on the steering wheel and changed the song in his car playing from his phone. He couldn’t even remember the name of the girl with him, but he didn’t care — and she probably didn’t either. It was cool to keep her around. She came when he wanted her and let him do what he wanted. Not to mention, she was better looking than most women auditioning for the position. And when he got bored, there were always others. He looked over at her and smiled. She blushed and smiled back. He touched her face, and she melted into his hand. Maybe next week, I’ll go for a brunette with highlights. He looked at the nameless girl and said, “You wanna feel something?” She looked at him and smiled. God, he said to himself, what the fuck is it with women and not speaking? He said, “Hold on.” Then he increased his speed and drifted around the corner of the road, coming very close to the edge of the mountain on the passenger side of his car. She looked out her window. All she could see were the town lights below — no road, just lights, and the sky. She tensed. Fear and adrenaline rushed through her body, and at that moment, Haruo slipped his hand between her legs and stuck his fingers inside her as he gracefully gilded around the turn and kept drifting around the next turn. Her hips pushed into his hand. Her hands grabbed his wrist, and she moaned subtly. He looked over at her with her head leaned back, eyes closed, sucking on her lip. He smiled and thought, God, it’s so easy being me. He slowly pulled his hand away from her and, while still driving gently stuck his fingers in her mouth. Then pulled them out, smelled the tips, and without taking his eyes off the road, breathed in deeply and said to her with a grin, “And that’s why I keep you around.” The stupid bitch giggled as if he were complimenting her. Oh well, it keeps them around, and the gifts they get, I get for free anyway, he thought. He stepped on the accelerator and went from 75 to 200 km/hr in seconds. He yelled out, “God, I love this car!” Tamotsu followed the car of his boss’s son and thought of all the things he could have done to deserve this. Sure, the money was good, and he could fund his gambling habit — not to mention all the women he could have, and he loved the company of women. But this kid was reckless. Tamotsu was a warrior who always saw himself dying in battle or combat with someone worthy. But this kid was gonna get him killed on a fucking mountain or a club or a surfboard or a mountain top snowboarding. All the things that he hated with a passion. However, his honor kept him from saying no, and the hope that one day he would stand next to the big boss himself, ready to give his life. If I just keep doing this, I’ll be noticed, Tamotsu thought. Then he grinned and thought, well, worst case, I’ll be the man next to the brat when he becomes next in line. It’s not that Tamotsu didn’t like Haruo: he was a skilled diplomat, great with money, and his fighting skills were of envy for all who lost to him or would lose. It was just something about the kid that he couldn’t put his finger on, making him very uncomfortable around him. There was this dark side to him that only Tamotsu could see. He saw it in his father, and his cousin, and he knew for a fact that he had it in himself as well. No, not the darkness that made him uncomfortable, but the reckless nature of that darkness, as if Haruo could not tell the difference between it and himself like the two were one. That not knowing bothered Tamotsu, for he knew if he didn’t learn soon, Haruo would kill many before he found himself. Nonetheless, this was his burden, his fate, and he wished it would be over soon. Haruo pulled up with his entourage of three other cars right behind him. They boxed him in a three-car diamond and, as if rehearsed, opened their doors simultaneously, and got out. Black suits and sunglasses, regardless of the time of day. They walked up to the club, passed the line, and walked straight in. “Look, look!” Astuko said. “There is Haruo!” Okami watched as he pulled up. She had to admit the car was nice, and Haruo had such a style about him. He was always calm, and cool, never raised his voice, and never was at a loss for words — when he spoke, that is. “Come on!” Astuko said, pulling Okami down the sidewalk. “We need to get inside.” Astuko walked up to the velvet rope and just looked at the doorman. He smiled and let the two girls in. Once inside the club, Okami could feel her chest pounding from the steady boom, boom, boom of the bass. The lights were flashing, and the place was crowded. She watched the bartender juggle his bottles of liquor and sake, silhouette flashing blue, green, and yellow lights shooting through the remaining bottles of different shapes and sizes. Astuko raised her hands and jumped on the dance floor pulling Okami with her. She looked over and saw Haruo’stable as Astuko grabbed Okami's hand and pushed their way through the throngs of people who were dancing. They bypassed the bouncers and bodyguards and approached a group of people where Haruo was sitting. The guys in the group were seated on chairs with drinks in hand, and each had a girl on their lap. When Haruo saw Okami, he slid the girl on his lap off and smiled. Astuko walked over to him and said, "Hey, Haruo," while twirling her hair with one hand and pulling Okami along with the other. He looked at Okami, and smiled without taking his eyes off her, he said, “Hey Astuko.” Even though they were young, neither one of them was built like a little girl. He looked at Okami and motioned for her to sit down. He moved the nameless girl over. She obviously didn’t like that, but, hell, he didn’t care. “What are you doing here?” he said with a grin, as he crossed his legs, taking a drink of dark-colored liquid from his shot glass. Okami giggled and said, “This was Astuko's idea. You know me. I would have been happy at the mall, drinking a boba.” “Does your dad know you are out here?” He asked playfully, shaking his head in fake disapproval. “No,” Okami said, “And you’re not going to tell him, either,” as she pushed him lightly on his chest. Her hands touched his firm body, and she paused for just a second. She took a deep breath and quickly withdrew. Haruo smiled and chuckled. “No, he won’t find out from me. You are grown. Not only that, he wouldn’t understand anyway.” “Exactly,” Okami said. Then she reached over and took his glass. “Whatcha drinking?” she asked as she put her nose close and inhaled the sweet aroma of the undisclosed drink. He let the glass go and said, “Have a sip.” She took a small sip and coughed. Haruo laughed and moved to take the drink from her hand, but he was stopped by Okami pulling back, shaking her head, and putting one hand over the top of the glass. “This is nothing,” she said. “Oh, really?” Then looking dead into his eyes, she turned up the cup and swallowed the entire contents, clearing her throat and then slamming the glass down on the table. “See? Nothing,” she said. He looked at her with a face of approval, then whispered something in her ear. She leaned back on the couch, laughing. Astuko was sitting on the lap of her friend looking over at Okami. She toasted her with a shot glass of something blue, then turned it up and drank. Haruo turned his attention from his friends and asked, “Have you seen my car?” She looked at him and said, “Yeah, so it’s just a car,” trying hard to hide her grin. But it was too late — he saw it. “Really?” Haruo replied as he leaned back and put his arms up on the couch. Then he leaned in and said, “Come on, I have an idea.” He grabbed her hand and began to lead her around the table, putting his arm around her waist and walking her out of the VIP. She turned to look at Astuko, who was having the time of her life while a head was buried in the crest of her neck. She looked over at Okami and waved, mouthing the words “Good luck.” Okami replied with a silent “I know” as she showed Astuko crossed fingers. Okami had no plans on doing anything but, face it, Haruo hadn’t shown her this much attention in quite some time. They always spoke, but it was like he viewed her as a little sister more than anything. But today it was different; she felt as if she earned his respect and it felt good to be singled out from all the other women he was with and get his undivided attention — not to mention how fine he was. He guided her down the stairs. and out of the club with such grace, she couldn’t remember if they bumped into anyone or not. He opened up the door and said to her, “You’re driving.” She looked at him and said, “WHAT?!” This is a Lexus LS LC hybrid rear-wheel drive. It’s not even out yet cause it’s a concept. How did you get this?” Not wasting any time for a response, she climbed in and he closed the door behind her. He climbed into the passenger side and said, “Let’s go!” The car rumbled to life. Okami could hardly contain her excitement. It’s not like she had never driven before. Actually, that was one of her father’s requirements once she turned 14. He sent her to school to not just learn how to drive, but also to do everything else with a car: 180s, j-turns, you name it, she did it and had fun. So when Haruo put her behind the wheel of his car, she was ready. As she pulled up she noticed that only one car was with them. “So did everyone else stay behind?” she asked. “Yeah, we won’t be gone long,” he said. “Now show me what you got.” Okami shifted into first and peeled off. Haruo said, “Ok, show off.” She drove around the city gripping the steering wheel firmly in her hands. Haruo looked at her and said, “Turn here.” She pulled into the driveway of a beautiful modern-day Tokyo home and stopped. “Where are we?” Okami asked. “One of my homes,” he replied. “I come here when I want to escape.” He opened the car door and said, “You coming?” Okami was hesitant but said, “Sure, why not?” She opened her door and followed him up the sidewalk. Haruo pulled out his phone, pushed a few buttons, and the car turned off. As the two of them walked up to the door of his home, it automatically unlocked, and the lights came to life. It was a beautiful home — very well decorated and comfortable. They took off their shoes and walked into the main room. He said, “I don’t take many people here, but I wanted to show you a place I see as special.” They sat and talked. Okami knew she should feel uncomfortable. But something about Haruo made her feel at home and relaxed. He looked at her and spoke to her as if he knew everything about her without having to hear it. She felt so many years older in his presence. “Well, let me get you back to your friends,” he said as he stood up from the couch. She caught herself pouting; she didn’t want the time to be over. Yeah, Astuko would wonder — but God, what a story it would be. She wanted to drag out as much time with him as she could. She said, “I don’t want to go just yet,” but stood up anyway. When she made it to her feet, Haruo was standing next to her. It was so nice to have a man beside her that she was not taller than. He took her in his arms, then leaned down to kiss her. She was nervous and was not sure what to do, but she wanted it too. Her lips touched his, and every nerve in her body felt as if it had awakened. She had never been kissed before. One time in school, a boy kissed her on the cheek, but he ran away and never talked to her again. Others were interested in her too, but half were too afraid of her father, and the other half were just too stupid to qualify. She closed her eyes and felt his arms around her waist, pressing her closer to him. The feeling was indescribable as if being lifted by a cloud. Her hair stood on the end and her stomach felt warm. Wait, it was not her stomach. It was lower than that, much lower. She had never felt that before; it was odd. She pulled away in embarrassment and giggled, covering her mouth with her hand. “What are you doing?” she said with a smile, her hands still covering her mouth. He looked at her through patient eyes and said, “Come here. I want to show you something.” He walked her through the house and into another room. The floors were bamboo, there was a fountain in the corner, and you could hear the water falling over the rocks. Pictures of Japanese art and writing decorated the wall. There was a bed in the middle of the room that had to be the size of two king-size mattresses. It was leaguer black and covered with differently shaped pillows. The headboard was sturdy, well- decorated hardwood, but it didn’t look Japanese. Probably imported, she thought. On the left-hand side of the room, the entire wall was glass with a view of the city. Okami ran over to the railing that streamlined the glass wall and looked out. She jumped up and down with glee, clapping her hands at the beauty of it all. Haruo leaned up against the door frame and watched her. She turned and looked at him and motioned for him to come near. Then she said to him, “This is wonderful.” She was unsure how all of this went, but she leaned in and kissed him on his cheek. He held her again, looking into her eyes, then caressed the side of her face with the back of his fingertips. Haruo could no longer hold himself back. To be so young and have a body that is firm and full. He watched as each breath made her chest rise and fall. Her lips were like he had never seen before. Her long hair had a slight curl to them and was so soft and full. He touched her hair with his friends. If it weren't for that one thing, she was the perfect sight. Haruo could not contain himself any longer. To be so young and to have a firm and full body. Her lips were like he had never seen before. So full and soft, her hair was long with a slight curl to it. He ran his fingers through her hair. She was the sight of perfection if it were not for that one thing. She was the daughter of a Gaijin, an outsider, an alien. Japan was becoming more and more accepting of these creatures, but no matter how the rest of the world felt, he would always see them as a freak of nature. He was pure Japanese, and throughout his bloodline, there was greatness. And to think that soon people like her would walk around Japan and no one would notice anymore sickened him. However, she was still something incredible to look at and judging by how she was acting, he had gone further than any man she knew in her life. He kissed her again deeply, slid his hands down her waist, and rested them on her rear. His hands rested there. All the women he had been with had similar butts; however, this was incredible, he thought. Firm and high. It would take some time, but he knew he could manage. Then he got angry with himself. He could not believe he was even having these thoughts. She was an abomination, and he would put her in her place. Okami felt Haruo’shands and placed her hands on his chest. She smiled and said, “No, someone is going to see.” “He knew it would take some time to adjust, yet he was sure he could do it. When that failed, he became frustrated with himself. He was shocked to even be thinking such things. He was going to show her who was boss since she was an outrage. Okami reached out to touch Haruo, feeling his hands before resting them on his chest. With a bright grin on her face, she replied, "No, someone is going to see." Haruo pulled out his phone and said, “Hold on.” He pushed a few buttons, and the once clear glass slowly became filled with gray and black smoke. Small amber lights along the window sill illuminated the now almost-dark room. She was impressed. It was as if she was in a fairy tale, and she had her Prince Charming. He leaned in to kiss her again, and this time she let him. He picked her up and carried her to the bed. As he laid her down, she placed her hands on his chest and could feel his heart beating. He moved from her lips to her neck and down her chest. It felt good, but she was unsure if she wanted this to go all the way. She liked Haruo but the thought of having sex with him did not feel right. And Okami was not the kind to do things half-heartedly. She knew that Haruo could not make her do anything she wasn’t truly sure of. She knew that she was not ready yet. She took his hand and told him, “I’m not ready, not yet.” He smiled down at her. God, she loved his smile — so warm and understanding. “Ok,” he said. “Let’s get you back.” Okami said, “No, I don’t want to return just yet. Can you hold me?” Haruo looked at her and gently placed his arms around her, spooning her body with his. He thought to himself, To be so young, she is quite demanding. It’s a s if she has done this before. She is playing games with me, the little whore. He whispered in her ear and said, “Let’s play a game.” Okami giggled and said, “Ok.” He said, “Put your hands behind your back and tell me what I’m doing with them.” He kissed her on her neck, and Okami complied. She thought to herself, Boys are so silly. He will probably try to put his…oh wait, what’s this? He bent her arms at the elbows and cradled her palms. She laughed and said, “What are you doing?” But before she could get any more words out, she felt his hands go from gentle and caressing to firm and aggressive. His hand wrapped around her forearm, making it almost impossible for her to move her arms. Then she felt the soft heaviness of something rope-like. She looked back at him and saw the black nylon rope in his teeth. She tried to turn over, but he flipped her onto her stomach and, with cat-like reflexes, pinned her down with his knee in the small of her back, the rest of his weight on her body rendering her unable to kick. Okami let out a scream but was quickly silenced by her face being pushed into the pillows of the bed. “Shhhh,” Haruo said calmly. “Don’t fight it. I am going to play with your body tonight and I bet that you will love it, just don’t make me force you into it.” He secured her arms firmly behind her and then turned her over. Okami yelled at him and screamed out, “What are you trying to do? I told you I am not ready yet!?” He stood over her and calmly said, “I’m going to teach you a lesson. A l e s s o n s o m e o n e s h o u l d h a v e t a u g h t y o u r m o m t o o. I’m going to show you where your place should be.” His face was no longer kind. He was no longer the Haruo that could make Okami skip a heartbeat. His body posture was no longer fluid and inviting. He now looked like a hungry, angry beast. Okami refused to accept that her situation was hopeless. She wanted to keep tryi ng for a way out. She said, “Haruo, you better let me go. My father will find out and he is gonna kill you for this.” Okami knew that Haruo loved and respected her father enough to not do this to her. She was wrong perhaps. Haruo rushed to her and grabbed her face, holding it in his hands and squeezing her jaws so tight with his fingers that her mouth opened. “Your father…,” he now raised his voice. “Your father used to be a great man before he met your half-mixed Gaijin mother. He could have been anything, but instead, he chose to marry that bitch. Then you come along, walking around, thinking you run everything. It makes me sick that I have to even have you, and your bitch of a mother visit us in my father’s home. Your father can’t do anything to me. He is bound by honor, and the code of the clan, and he works for my father. I can do anything to you, and the worst that would happen is I get a slap on the wrist. You are nothing, Okami. Your mother is nothing, and since your father met her, he is nothing. So consider what I am doing to you a favor. You could never be in bed with a good man if it wasn’t for me.” Okami looked at him in disbelief, her eyes going from pleading to determined. Ever since she was old enough to realize who and what she was, she had always gotten called names and was treated by people — especially the older ones — as if she were an outsider. Because of that, she never really considered herself to be beautiful — and now this. At that moment, something inside of her clicked. She heard her mother’s voice, You can overcome anything. She saw her mother’s loving face looking down at her. It’s all about how you react to a situation that will determine your outcome, my child. No matter what happened now, she decided to live through this. She knew she was going to get out of this: no matter what it took or how long the process would be, he was going to pay. The night would pass and once she is back home, she will make her father avenge every ounce of pain that she is to go through. He released his grip, and she spat in his face. It startled him, and he sat back. She took that moment bending her knees to her chest she aimed her head at his face. She could feel her back muscles tense her stomach tighten and her legs ready to accept any order she gave. She exploded, sending her head straight into his throat, knocking the wind out of him, and sending Haruo back at least 10 feet. She rolled over onto her feet and began to run to the front door, all the while looking to rub up against something hard along the way to loosen those damn ropes. They were so tight, and her arms being in the position that they were in kept her from keeping herself balanced. She fell, hitting her left shoulder against the wall, and knocking her head on the bookshelf. She quickly wiggled herself back to her feet, without wasting a second. She could feel no pain; pure adrenaline rushed through her body and all she was thinking was, I’ve got to get the fuck out of here and I will. She crashed through the sliding paper door and headed toward the front exit. She screamed out and tried to kick the door open but it would not budge. Then she heard a voice behind her saying, “Where are you going, whore?” She turned to see Haruo with more rope in his hand bounding over the couch and coming straight at her. She didn’t kick him hard enough. He lunged at her. Okami took a deep breath, ducking and rolling under his grasp. Haruo hit the door with a thud. Okami ran toward the kitchen, refusing to give up, but Haruo was right behind her. She stopped and ducked, and once again he missed, slamming into the refrigerator. Okami began to run in the opposite direction. She didn’t know where to go or how to even get out. She threw herself against one of the glass windows with all of her might but bounced off, causing no damage to the window but it stunned her. Shake it off, Okami, she said to herself. If she could just keep away from him long enough, she knew a way out was possible. There is a way out right here, I just need to look harder. She got back to her feet to try something else; anything else. She ran for another window. Haruo laughed and said, “Ok, playtime is over,” then he picked up a wooden bust statue and lobbed it at her, hitting her in the back of the head. Okami went down, crashing into the wooden coffee table. Haruo was on her lightning- fast and didn’t waste time. He tied her feet together, her knees together, and with the remaining rope put two loops around her neck. Even though she was dazed, she still kept struggling. However, this time no matter how she moved, the ropes around her neck got tighter. Don’t cry, she said to herself. Don’t let him see your pain. He reached down and grabbed her by the arms, causing great pain. He proceeded to drag her back to the bedroom, and all she could say to him was “You will regret this?” over and over again. He just looked at her and said nothing. The ropes around her neck seemed to be getting tighter and tighter and Okami could barely stay focused. He turned her over onto her left side and began removing her clothes. He was so calm. She looked into his eyes to see if she could beg, plead for mercy — something, anything — but he gave no sign or indication that he was even there. It was as if his soul was empty. That’s when Okami decided that she won’t beg, not to him. There was no way he was going to take her. What she did next shocked her, and surprised Haruo. Okami held her breath, and with all her might straightened her body. The ropes around her neck got tighter. She relaxed, exhaled, and took in another breath, which was harder this time, and straightened her body once more. As she did so, she exhaled one last time and found it impossible to breathe in again. She strained against the ropes with all of her might. If she could just get the ropes tight enough, maybe she could snap her neck. Everything became silent. The room dimmed and slowly became black. The last thing she heard before all reality left her was Haruo saying, “Wow, I’m impressed, but unfortunately it won’t be that easy.” One thousand thoughts raced through her head in that instant. It was more than she could bear, and as the last bit of light escaped from her eyes, she felt her bladder fail and release its contents all over her and onto the floor, then nothing but blackness. Okami was awakened by a warm cloth wiping her face. As she slowly opened her eyes, she felt what she went through was just a dream: it had to be. Her vision cleared, her senses came back to her, and she felt the pain in her neck. Her throat was sore. She closed her eyes and opened them up again. Oh God, she thought. I’m still here. It wasn’t a dream. She tried to scream, but her cries were muffled by a gag in her mouth. Saliva filled her throat and she began to cough uncontrollably with no relief. Her tongue was pushed to the back of her throat, and it took all of her effort to swallow. She struggled to take a breath. Just one breath was all she needed, but she was unable to sit up enough to relieve herself. She tried to take the intruding object out of her mouth, but could not move her arms. She looked to her left and right and noticed that her wrists were tied. Her arms were spread as far as they could go. She was firmly secured to the bed. All she could do was rock her body up and down. She felt herself choking. Haruo knelt beside her on the bed, and released the tension of the ball gag just enough to allow her to swallow, then tightened it back up again. “Yeah,” he said, in a still calm voice. “You might not want to do that. Screaming makes it hard to breathe. I took the liberty of removing your clothes. I folded them and placed them over there on the nightstand.” He touched her face and she turned her head. He chuckled and bent down to kiss her anyway. “God,” he said, looking up, and down at her body. “You really are something else.” He grabbed her left breast in his hand and began to roll her nipple between his fingers. She struggled against the ropes around her wrist, and then tried to kick him, and found herself unable to move her legs. She looked down and saw her legs tied in a symphony of knots, and loops binding her ankles to her thighs, the ropes braiding themselves in a criss-cross fashion, twice around her ankle then crossing over her thigh, and then back down again going once around her calf, then crossing once again over her thigh, and stopping at her knees. Her leg was tied so tightly that she could feel the sole of her foot against her butt. She was bound the same way on both legs. With her arms spread out, and both legs securely tied, she sat there kneeling, completely exposed. She struggled again to no avail only to look like a kicking amputee at the knees. “Shhh,” he said. “Just relax.” He adjusted himself, sitting directly in front of her. Placing his knees between hers, his white silk pajamas caressed her skin. She squeezed her eyes shut. He wrapped his arms around her back and slowly kissed her neck. Okami turned her head in disgust as she felt his soft lips and warm wet tongue touch, kiss, and caress the skin of her neck. He slowly kissed down, and with one hand on her breast, he put his mouth on the other. His tongue darted in and out, sometimes sucking on her nipple and other times gently biting it. She could feel her nipple getting hard, and Haruo moaned with approval. He switched to the right breast while playing with the left nipple in between his fingers. His tongue explored her body as if drawing a road map. He was firm but gentle as his hands caressed her back. She could feel his soft manicured fingertips on her skin and his silk sleeves rubbing against her body. He gently bit her shoulders and up her arms, and then worked himself back down to her breast. She tried to fight it, but it got harder and harder with every pass he took. He kissed her from her chest to her belly button, then lay down on his stomach, and looked into the gaping space between her legs. He wrapped his arms around her waist, resting his hands on the crest of her ass. Okami looked down at him and watched him kiss her thighs slowly, his lips sucking on her skin. She screamed and wiggled her body, trying to shake him off. He just looked up at her and smiled. She tossed her head back and rolled her eyes. She was getting angry at herself. She kept trying to fight what she was about to feel, but it was getting harder and harder. Her body was not cooperating. Haruo continued to kiss her. She could feel his breath against her leg, and it began to arouse her. He slid his tongue, and lips slowly down her leg then opened his mouth and kissed her pussy. Okami gasped. Chills climbed up her spine, and she was no longer able to contain herself. She let out a moan of pleasure and instantly tried to stifle it. She realized it was too late: he heard her, and that was all he needed to keep going. He spread the lips of her flower open and began to tongue her clit. He was so soft and gentle. She could feel his hands rubbing her flesh. His fingers glided over her skin due to the wetness she was creating. His wet warm tongue teased her, darting in and out, occasionally going lower, then pulling back. She was no longer in control of her body. She could feel her hips moving. Her breathing became shallow and rapid. She tried to fight it but found herself powerless. The feeling of his face between her legs, his hands wrapped around her waist, and the soft smooth feel of his silk top brought her pleasure. Her hands grabbed at the ropes, but not an escape. She didn’t know what else to do with them. It felt incredible, and she hated herself for enjoying what he was doing to her. The moans became stronger and deeper as she moved her hips faster against his face. His grip around her waist became tighter, and his face pressed deeper. Her whole body tingled faster. She moved harder. He pressed. She couldn’t hold back any longer. Something was happening, and she didn’t understand what it was, but it started from the tip of her feet and the top of her head all at the same time and worked itself toward the middle of her body. Her nipples were aroused; her legs tensed and closed, gripping his head tightly. She didn’t want him to stop. Her body tensed and what happened next was indescribable. She let out a squeal as all the tension built up between her legs exploded outward, onto the bed, and into Haruo’s mouth. She gasped for air breathing heavily through her nose. She was sweating, and her body began to shake uncontrollably as he continued to lick and tease her. He wouldn’t stop and kept going. She could feel it building again. This time it was so strong she strained against the ropes and yelled out as she exploded once again. She could feel herself leaking down her leg and onto her feet. Haruo sat up and grinned at her. Okami looked away, tears rolling down her eyes. He gently wiped them away. She felt like she couldn’t fight back anymore. He did to her what she didn’t want, but in the end, she enjoyed it. She had no more reasons to fight. She let him wipe her tears away. If this is all he wanted, maybe she could do this. Her arms hurt from being tied. Her legs were sore from the ropes pressing into her skin. She looked into Haruo’s eyes and pressed her face against his finger. He smiled. Without saying a word, he loosened the ropes at the base of the bed, and even though she was still attached to them, she was able to move her arms now. She rubbed her shoulders and her chest, then proceeded to take the gag out of her mouth. Haruo quickly pulled on the ropes spreading her arms open again; however, this time it hurt, and it hurt a lot. Fear gripped her heart once again. All she wanted to do was not make him angry. She felt if she tried hard enough, she could do something right, and he would show some mercy. She could then use it to her advantage. “No, no, no,” he whispered. “You only take off what I take off of you. Nod your head if you understand.” Okami slowly nodded, “Yes.” He released the tension again, and her arms fell to the bed. He grabbed her by the ropes on her legs, and pulled her, laying her down. He then knelt between her legs, resting her knees on his thighs. He reached behind himself and pulled out a long cylinder object. He touched it to her breasts. The object was soft but firm, rubber-like, but smooth to the touch, and it vibrated. Haruo traced it along her body, over her nipples, feeling her body react to his touch, unapologetically. She squeezed her eyes shut, trying to separate herself from her body, but it was useless to try anymore. She gave in; he won already. Her body lost control. What sense did it make now to keep fighting — especially since her body was so accepting of his? She found herself wondering what he would do next, hoping she would find some pleasure in it before she tries another escape. That sense of pleasure was making it a little bearable. As he moved the plastic phallus down her body, he stopped above her pelvis and pressed the palm of his hand against the walls of her vagina. She felt the vibration through her stomach, her bladder, her kidneys, and finally her… Oh God, she thought, not again. She breathed out slowly through her nose and relaxed. Haruo bent down and gently played with her succulent left breast. He marveled at how easy it was to get her to succumb to his will. It took longer than most, but she gave in to him, as they always do. He could see the submission in her eyes, and it excited him. He was now certain that she had never been touched like this before and he knew that she would never be touched like this again. He planned to burn his image so deeply inside her head that she wouldn’t be able to locate it. He wanted to make sure he dominated her even unto her dreams, and he knew he couldn’t do that through violence, at least not with this one. He felt her hips rise and fall as if she wanted him to continue. “That’s it, little one,” he said in a calm, still voice. “Let yourself go.” He could feel the palm of his hand become moist and then wet while he laid it on her mound of hot flesh. He took the vibrator in his hand and rubbed it up and down as if he were drawing her lips. He looked at her and said, “If I am not wrong, this might hurt just a little, but it will get better.” He gently slid the vibrator inside of her, parting her pussy lips. It was warm and soft, spreading her insides open comfortably. She tried to tighten her muscles, trying to not let anything in; but, it slid in with such ease she forgot if she even tried. Haruo could feel her resistance but still pushed it inside. He knew she wanted it. He started with slow shallow strokes, twisting his wrist as he continued playing with her pussy. He knew he had to time it just right, or he would ruin the moment for the both of them. While his one hand was busy, he used the other to stimulate her. Rubbing his thumb against her clitoris, then squeezing her breast, playing with her nipples, pulling on them, watching them erect, and twisting them as he pushed them away from her body. Her body was so willing. Her breasts were more than a handful, shapely and firm. He rocked her body just to see them ride back and forth over her chest. The way her breasts jiggled and hit her body, he knew he would never forget this one. He could tell she was fighting it. She was so strong, it took every ounce of patience Haruo had to not lash out, and just force her into submission, but he knew what he had to do. It was the only way to keep her from ever wanting more than what he was willing to give. Sweat beaded on her brow, and glistened off her stomach, then slowly slid down the canals of her athletic abdomen, collecting into a pool inside of her naval. That’s it, just a little more, he thought to himself. He pinched her nipples, and her back arched, pushing her breasts outwards. Okami was finally disconnected from herself. She rose above the bed and looked down at her body. She tried to yell and say, stop moving, doesn’t show him you enjoy! but the girl beneath her was not listening. She was a robot, a shell of a person reduced to taking commands from her carnal nature. She watched herself reach out for his arm, her fingertips touching his strong, defined biceps. All she could do was float above herself and watch. Then she noticed his grin and watched his hands grab around the back of her neck, anchoring her body to his. His other arm moved forward, pressing the vibrator deeper inside of her. Haruo looked down at Okami, and could not help but grin. “There it is: that is what I was looking for. Just a little bit deeper and.…” Okami was instantly sucked back into her body. She could now feel his hands holding her firmly, his tensed biceps pressed up against her face. But the pain was not allowing her to focus on anything else but her body stretching. She could feel her insides ripping apart. She grabbed his arms, and as he leaned forward, she buried her face deep between his chest and arm. She yelled, only to have her sounds muffled, and converted into grunts and squeals in his chest. The pain was intense, every nerve in her body cried. But she held on to the thought of getting out of there. All she could think of was getting home. She could not let Haruo go: one hand gripped his arm while the other pulled on his silk top. She hated to have found comfort in that. And amid all that pain, her body betrayed her yet again, and she came once more, once again for him. Haruo felt her flesh tear up. It was transferred through the plastic onto his fingers. He let her ropes go completely. She was now his, he need not worry. She gripped his arm, and he watched her hand grab his shirt. A mixture of blood and cum ran down his wrist, staining the sleeves of his silk white shirt. She was panting through her nose. He released the gag that had covered her mouth, and let it drop loosely around her neck. Okami inhaled deeply as if she were trapped under a pool of water, and finally able to emerge. She felt grateful and understood that her only way out of this was through him. Her hands were free; her mouth was no longer bound. She really wanted to stretch her legs but knew that any indication of that could throw her right back into where she was just a few seconds ago. This time, she didn’t want to be impatiens. She was planning her next most between all the chaos. Seeing her like this excited Haruo. His hard phallus bulged through his silk pajamas. He wasted no time and seized the moment, sliding down his bottoms, and pulling the top over his head. Okami looked up at him. His body was magnificently built. She placed her hands on his chest and watched him as he slowly entered her body. He filled her insides and she gripped his back, digging her nails into his back. She tried to push him off but didn’t really want to pull a fight she knew she wasn’t going to win. Her brain and body were having a consistent battle. She liked the way he felt inside of her and how he held her close. She suddenly felt safe. He was slowly but firmly pushing himself in and out of her. And just when she felt fine, he turned her over, and now she was on top. She was not sure if he noticed, but the ropes had wrapped themselves slightly around his neck. He gripped her waist, and began to lift her up and down on his now hard and penetrating cock. Okami moaned and placed her hands on his chest while grabbing onto the two nylon ropes that crisscrossed his shoulder. She held on tight and then leaned back, but he followed only to cause slack in the ropes, making them fall to his shoulders. She had no other option. She could bite him; she could choke him; but what if she failed? Who knew what he would do to her then? She just wrapped her arms around him, buried her face in his neck, and let the tears fall. She did not remember much after that. After a few grunts from him, she felt him smack her on the butt a few times, whatever that was about, all the while grabbing her waist, pushing her back, and forth over and over again faster and faster until he stood up with her still wrapped around him. He pushed her off plopping her down on her back. He pushed inside of her a few more times, and then pulled out, kneeling over her, releasing himself onto her chest and stomach. Okami lay there motionless. Haruo got up and left the room, and then returned holding a tray with a bowl and a few towels on it and what looked like a douche. She didn’t know what to think. Her mind defied her. She looked around to see if there was a way. He walked back in with a set of towels. The towels were warm and soft, and he wiped himself and her sweat off of her. Then he lifted her hips, placed the bowl under her, and squeezed the warm liquid from the douche inside of her. She was so sore, and the warm water came as a relief. He untied her legs. It took her a moment to feel them again. She rolled over to the edge of the bed and looked at the wall. How could she have let this happen? How could I have enjoyed it? She felt dirty and useless — what if she never tells anyone? She felt like a whore. She knew that if she told her Daddy, he would ruin Haruo’s life if not kill him. But what if she lets it all pass to save everyone the trouble? Her thoughts were interrupted by Haruo’s voice. “You can put your clothes on. I’ll take you home.” His voice was calm and she felt a sliver of comfort in it. She stood up. Her legs were in pain, her stomach hurt, and her wrist was sore. She could barely close her legs. Her pelvis throbbed, and she was unable to determine if it was pain or something else. All she knew is that she wanted to get out of there as fast as she could. All the anger, hate, frustration, and revenge were gone. She felt absolutely nothing. The only thing she had inside of her to fight was the urge to stay alive. She just wanted to be done with it all. She turned to look at Haruo, who sat at the edge of the bed with his back to her. He slowly pulled out a cigarette and spoke over his shoulder and said, “Don’t worry about getting pregnant. I made sure I wiped you down and cleaned you out. I wouldn’t want to make the same mistake your father did.” Okami froze. I was nothing to him, she thought to herself. She had looked up to Haruo and admired him for so many reasons. A little piece of her heart had wanted to be with him too, all these years, she did want to be with him. But at this moment, she could see who he really was. A monster she never wanted to see again. A monster who tried to crush him down. I will make sure the world sees him for who he truly is, Okami thought to herself. At that moment, she thought about how delusional everyone was. Every girl who wanted to be with Haruo or drooled over him. Her thoughts broke as her mother’s voice whispered, one day you will have to make a decision that will determine who you are and what you are going to become. You are a Tokugawa, my child. Always remember that. Okami knew that even in her utter helplessness, she had a choice and she wanted to make that choice. She could either never speak about tonight ever again and let it under the rug, just what Haruo wanted her to do – or she could take the little strength she had left in her to take back control. Okami looked at him, a feeling of anger had taken over— her body charged, her fist clenched — and she knew what she had to do. Suddenly she felt that her body has enough strength. Maybe it wasn’t her body that had the needed courage but her mind. This was not her fault: he did this to her, a n d she repeated it to herself. She wanted to believe it before she acts on it. The air in the room became crisp, her sight sharp, and the clarity in her movements was deliberate. Haruo would have known if he was paying attention. She looked around for some clue, something that she could use to get some control of the situation. There has to be something, anything, Okami thought to herself. Her eyes caught a rolling ball water fountain. She took a deep breath, grabbed the heavy granite ball from the fountain, and tossed it as hard as she could at him, hitting Haruo square in the back. He let out a yell and collapsed to the floor writhing in pain. “You little bitch!” he moaned, trying to get up, but his legs just didn’t have the energy. Okami ran and leaped onto the bed, retrieving the ball and throwing it repeatedly at a section of the glass wall until it shattered, sending black and gray smoke straight into the room. She could hardly see but this was the little window she needed, so she started to climb out of the window. She felt Haruo grab her leg. She pushed her leg back but failed. The last bit of innocence she had left died when she tried to break his back with the rolling ball still in her hand. There was nothing left that she could preserve. Not that she wanted to. All she felt was anger and all she could see was blood. She kicked Haruo in the face and said, “The only mistake you made was untying me, you son of a bitch.” She continued with anger, “And I will make you regret this every fucking day of your life.” Okami made for the window, but he grabbed her leg again. She had to get out — he was never going to stop. Okami knew that she didn’t have even a second to breathe and she understood it well. She stomped on his wrist and could hear an audible crack. That’s all the validation Okami needed at that moment. Even though it took every ounce of strength within her to even pull this, she knew she was getting together. You got this Okami, she mumbled to herself. She lifted her foot to kick him once more in the face, and hit it once again, this time harder than ever. However, the second time Haruo was ready for her and pushed her foot away, throwing her off balance, and sending her straight out the window. Okami bounced off the ledge of Haruo’s two-story home, then off the second roof of the neighboring house, and crashed onto a group of trash cans, breaking her fall. She could feel her limbs give up but Okami, keep going, she could hear her Daddy say to her from a distance. Okami sprang to her feet and ran. Not sure where she was headed. Okami just wanted to keep going. Her survival instincts were pushing her to keep running. She could hear Haruo yelling through the window saying over and over again, “You bitch, you fucking bitch!”. She didn’t know how she was going to get away from this; all she knew was that she had to run. There was one thing she was sure of, one thing that kept her running – and that was her unshakable faith in the fact that she could still go home. She could still fall in her Daddy’s arms and cry her heart out without having to explain. The cold pavement hurt every time her shoeless feet hit the ground, Okami kept going without ever thinking if she should stop and catch her breath. Every muscle in her body hurt, but she couldn’t feel her left arm. She wanted to cry for help, but making any sound could risk it all. She ran down streets and through alleyways. She was running so hard and so fast, she didn’t even hear the whistle of the police officer chasing her. The officer yelled out to her, “Stop! Please stop now!” Okami slowed down to a walk and then turned around. The officer chasing after her was a petite woman. The officer looked at her and asked, “Why were you running? Where are your shoes?” Okami was in shock. She wanted to ask for help but all she could utter was, “I need my daddy; take me to my daddy, Kazuhiro Tokugawa”. Okami kept repeating her daddy’s name while tears rolled down her cheeks. The officer placed her hand on Okami’s left arm and gave it a gentle squeeze. Okami felt nothing. Is my arm broken? Okami wondered. The officer spoke into her radio, requesting backup. “I have a young woman,” she said. “It looks like she was mugged. See if we have a Kazuhiro Tokugawa. She keeps saying that he is her father. Hurry and send an ambulance. I think she is delirious.” She turned her attention back to Okami. “Ok, Miss,” the officer said. “Everything is Ok. You are safe now.” Okami turned to her and said, “I will never be safe again. I just need my daddy” Then Okami collapsed onto the pavement, motionless. Chapter 3 : The Lily Rises to the Surface azuhiro stood beside his daughter’s hospital bed, looking down at her. He thought, whoever did this will pay for it and I will not stop until the bastard is sent to hell. His wife sat in a chair next to him, holding her daughter’s hand and gently sobbing. He placed his hand on her shoulder. She reached over and gripped it. K Still looking at her daughter, she said, “Find out who did this. Why would they do this to our little girl?” Kazuhiro answered, “I have put my best men into this. I will find out who did this. Trust me, I will kill them with my own hands.” Anger and love had taken over Kazuhiro. His wife turned to him, her face red from tears. “Kazi,” she said, “Promise me. You find the people that did this. Make them pay. She is the only thing we have, and I will not let her suffer without any justice.” She almost yelled at her husband. “You know, there is nobody I love more than our little girl. I will turn the world upside down and burn this city to ashes if I have to. I promise you.” Kazuhiro released his grip on his wife’s hand as he heard a knock on the door and left the room. “What do you have for me?” The young man looked at him and said, “As of right now, Sir, nothing. Not a word. There is not even any gossip on the street. It is as if she was never anywhere.” Kazuhiro looked at the young man with an expressionless face and said, “I want whoever did this found!” Then he turned and looked through the window of his daughter’s room. “Do you know what the doctor said?” The young man was startled. He was being spoken to by the seventh- most powerful man in Tokyo. He had no idea how to reply. Say something, you idiot, he said to himself, anything. He spoke. “No, Sir, I don’t.” Kazuhiro took in a deep breath and crossed his hands behind his back. “He said that she had a broken arm, fractured ribs, and a concussion. None of her injuries warrant her being in a coma. The doctor suspects that she went through some serious emotional trauma for her brain to just shut down like that.” He growled through his teeth. “I want the animal found. Find out what Astuko was doing, and where she was. She was the last person to be with Okami or so I know.” The young man bowed, stepped back, and turned quickly, then retreated down the long hallway, and through the ICU double doors. Kazuhiro knew his daughter. He knew what she would, and would not do. He also knew what she was capable of, even her dark sides. Hell, he taught her everything she needed to know, and what he could not teach, her mother did. Something was not adding up. He didn’t know what, but he knew that time would reveal what he needed to know. He wanted to know what happened to his daughter but didn’t want curiosity to take over. He turned to walk down the hall and paused for a moment. The double doors opened, and two men in suits and sunglasses stood holding the doors open, allowing Haruo to walk through followed closely by Tamotsu. And about a dozen men behind them. He stood there as Haruo approached him. Haruo did not walk as he normally did; he had a slight limp to his stride, and his hand was bandaged as if it had been broken. Haruo stopped and bowed respectfully and slowly. His dress was impeccable — his style was second to none and his etiquette was never lacking. He truly was an extraordinary young man. Kazuhiro could not help but smile on the inside. All those years ago teaching Haruo produced something worth being proud of. Kazuhiro returned his bow and stood up straight. Haruo stayed bowed for a few seconds longer and then he too stood up. “My deepest concerns for you and your family,” Haruo said. And with those words, two guards passed them both, and placed flowers inside the room where Okami lay and her mother sat still praying. Ayako looked up and smiled. The two men politely bowed and quickly walked out. Kazuhiro looked at the 21-year-old young man. Kids his age would be out partying or out creating mischief. However, he showed his respect by coming to the hospital. Kazuhiro looked the young man briskly up and down and stopped his eyes on Haruo’s bandaged hand. “What happened to you?” he asked in a still, deep voice. “I had a situation that needed to be, uhhhhh,” as he looked up in the air then back down, “dealt with.” Kazuhiro chuckled. The youth, he thought to himself, are so full of energy but no brains. Looking at Haruo, he said, “Well, remember what I taught you? The more powerful you become, the less you get your own hands involved. Come walk with me, Haruo.” He proceeded through the doors and down the hospital hallway. “Thank you for coming,” Kazuhiro spoke with his hands behind his back and looking straight ahead. “It was the least I could do, Teacher. You and your family still mean a lot to me.” Kazuhiro looked at Haruo and slowly shook his head. He said nothing. Haruo could hear the steady rhythm of their shoes hitting the hospital floor. He continued to say, “Okami was like a little sister to me.” The old man looked at Haruo and said, “She thought very highly of you. She spoke of you often, which is why I am glad you are here.” “What do you need from me, Teacher? Anything, you name it.” “Nothing happens on the streets of Tokyo without you knowing something about it.” “Ok, but that’s something everyone knows.” Kazuhiro stopped, turned, and looked at Haruo. He said firmly, “I want whoever did this found. I don’t want you to kill them. Bring them to me so that I may decide what would be best, and what my daughter would prefer.” Haruo looked at Kazuhiro’s face, stern and unreadable. Haruo looked into his eyes, and he could see that Kazuhiro was using every ounce of energy he had to keep from losing his well-controlled Japanese poise. “How is your daughter, sir? Kazuhiro sighed and said, “The doctor said she is in a coma, and they are not sure when she will come out of it.” He turned and looked out of the window. “The doctor said it could be days or even weeks. We are not even sure how much she will remember when and if she wakes.” Haruo smiled to himself, thinking, she will never tell you, but she will remember — I’m counting on it. Then he spoke, “Don’t worry, Teacher. If the ones that did this to her are out there, we will find them, and I will bring them to you. If you would excuse me, Teacher, I have work to do.” Kazuhiro grunted approval and nodded. Haruo bowed once again and stepped briskly away. Kazuhiro turned away and resumed looking out of the window. Haruo walked down the hallways. As he passed Tamotsu, he said, “Get me a few thugs — anyone; I need time.” Then he put his sunglasses on and walked out the door, surrounded by his entourage. Kazuhiro picked up his phone and said, “It’s begun.” Then he listened for a moment and replied “No, but I am sure he is holding something back.” He hung up the phone and walked back toward his daughter’s room. He could hear the steady beat of the heart monitor. He looked at her, bruised and battered, lying there; he still thought she was the most beautiful thing he had ever created, and he knew there would be no rest until he found out what happened to his daughter. His wife sat next to the bed, staring at her daughter. Finally speaking, she sat upright in her chair and said, “We never should have moved. We could have done everything you needed to do from St. Croix. The embassy was there, and between the two of us, we had all the connections we needed.” “No,” Kazuhiro said. He had not had this conversation with his wife for over 15 years. “No,” he said again. “We spoke about it. To do what needed to be done, we had to move to Tokyo. It was the only way. And I have no regrets.” “Yes, but now look at what we have done. We brought our only daughter into something that we created,” she said, speaking in perfect Japanese. “I know, Ayako. I am going to make this right. I never planned on our daughter being hurt. And one incident cannot define the life for her. She will get out of this and I know this. She is our daughter and you should know more than anyone else that strength is our best virtue as a family.” Ayako looked at her husband. She realized how much he had given up for her, and she knew that now was not the time to blame him for anything. He was a strong and good man. He had all the drive and honor of a traditional Japanese male. Driven, honorable, and extremely loyal. Chapter 4 : If She Blossoms , All Hell Will Break Loose aruo sat next to Tamotsu in the back of his chauffeur-driven Mercedes S class AMG. “Who do we have that we need to get rid of?” “What do you mean?” Tamotsu asked his boss, looking puzzled. “I need a distraction. I don’t want that old man poking around just yet. I need to give him what he wants. He thinks she was mugged — let’s keep that up.” Tamotsu looked at Haruo with a sarcastic smirk on his face and said, “She was mugged, wasn’t she?” H Haruo chuckled for a second and said, “Yeah, she was. By those little punks in Harajuku. I think there were three of them. Bring them to me so that I may deliver them to that pompous old man, so he can back off.” “You do realize,” Tamotsu said while taking a puff from his cigarette, “That if she wakes up, all hell is going to break loose.” “No, not really. I doubt that very seriously,” Haruo said. “She won’t speak: she feels too guilty. She is more concerned about what they will say, and do to her than what will happen to me. Do you know how I have the gift of getting into people’s heads? She is never going to recover from what I have done. Her father will be distracted for years trying to fix her. And I think she enjoyed it too, minus the part where she had to jump off the building.” Haruo took a deep breath and continued, “My father sees me as his next, and he will say and do whatever it takes to get the elders to see it, too. All I have to do is continue to be the example of who and what a true leader is, and I will win over the hearts and minds of everyone. Even Kazuhiro was impressed when I walked through that door. If he can be blinded by my appearance, then everyone else is just easy.” He leaned into the back seat cushions and exhaled, enjoying the feel of the leather and how the seat just wrapped around his body. With closed eyes, he said, “Get me those thugs. Choose them wisely. Make sure they are not too bright; we don’t want them thinking their way through this.” Okami’s mother sat in the living room of Astuko’s home. Two well- dressed men wearing suits knelt on either side of her, on cushions with their legs crossed behind them. “Would you like another cup of tea, Mrs. Tokugawa?” Astuko’s mother asked as she reached for the pot. “Yes, please.” She poured the tea into Mrs. Tokugawa’s cup and asked, “What brings you here? I’m not used to entertaining people of such high status in my home.” “Oh, you have a beautiful home. You have nothing to be ashamed of. I just came by to check on your daughter. She has not come to the hospital since Okami’s….” She paused for a moment, and Astuko’s mother could see she was holding back deep sorrow and concern. She continued, “…unfortunate event.” “I understand,” Astuko’s mother said. “She has been distraught by it and has not left her room since. It has been two days now. How is Okami?” Astuko’s mother asked. “She is still in a coma,” Mrs. Tokugawa replied. “However, we have hope she will be coming around soon. Do you have any idea where the girls were that day?” she continued. “Well, it’s hard to know for sure, but she told us that they were going to the mall. But she lost her. She says that she looked for her, but could not find her until we found out that Okami was in the hospital.” “May I speak with your daughter, please? I just want to let her know that Okami is okay, and it would be helpful to Okami; in the condition, she is in; for her best friend to visit her. Hearing Astuko’s voice may do her some good.” “Well, let me see if I can get her out of her room.” Astuko’s mother lifted herself off the floor cushion where they were sitting, and briskly walked to the back room. Ayako could hear her mother speaking through the door saying, “Astuko you have a visitor. Okami’s mother is here to see you.” A few moments went by and then Astuko slowly appeared around the corner. “Well, hello,” Mrs. Tokugawa said and smiled at Astuko. Astuko bowed politely, holding her head down in silence. Okami’s mother looked at her with studying eyes. “I want you to know, Astuko, that Okami is ok. There is nothing you could have done to stop what happened, and none of us hold you responsible or to blame.” Astuko looked up and said, “I didn’t know any of this would happen. We just wanted to have fun, and we went to my father’s club to go see Haruo’s new car.” “Haruo?” Mrs. Tokugawa questioned. “Yes, ma’am. She left with him that night, but he came back later saying she went home. I was angry with her for leaving me, so I didn’t call her that night. But I didn’t know she had been attacked going home!” she repeated. “I didn’t know.” Tears started falling down Astuko’s face. “Could you please tell Okami I am so sorry? I never meant for any of this to happen.” “Well, you are more than welcome to come to the hospital and tell her yourself. Even though she is in a coma, I am sure that if she can hear you, it would bring her much peace.” Astuko looked at her with a look of relief and bowed to Mrs. Tokugawa, saying, “Yes, ma’am, I will do so.” Then Mrs. Tokugawa said, “If you would excuse me, I must leave now.” She rose from the floor cushions with grace and poise. It was as if everything in the room stopped until she had made it to her feet. She turned to Astuko and said, “Please do come and see Okami. It would bring much joy to all of us, Astuko.” Then she turned back and politely walked to the door of Astuko’s home. She put on her shoes, and as one of the men opened the door for her, she slowly turned and smiled once again at the mother and daughter, then exited their home toward her car as the door closed behind her. Astuko looked up and her mother slapped her. In an angry voice, she said, pointing at Astuko, “You didn’t tell me you went anywhere else other than the mall. You completely embarrassed me. I told you that dealing with that little whore would get you in trouble. Now we have to go to the hospital to save face.” Astuko looked up, holding her face, tears in her eyes. “I’m sorry mother. I was scared.” “Go to your room,” her mother yelled, “You disgust me. Don’t bother waiting for your food, because you will not be getting any tonight. I have a mind to tell your father what you have done, so I can watch him beat you. Now go.” She lifted her hand again at Astuko with the implication that if she did not move fast enough she would be hit again. Ayako stepped into her car and the door closed behind her. She put her Bluetooth in her ear and dialed her husband’s phone. It rang and then was answered with a warm and heartfelt, but abrupt, “Yes.” “I am leaving the house now.” “What did you observe?” Kazuhiro replied. “She said that Okami was with Haruo that night, and she left with him. However, he returned to the club and she did not.” “Hmmm” is all that was said in response. “What do you think that means?” she said to her husband. “I will figure out whatever it is. Are you okay?” he asked Ayako in a concerned voice. “No.” Ayako could barely hold herself together. “Fine,” Kazuhiro said. “I have a phone call to make.” The phone clicked and then went silent. Astuko took the piece out of her ear and looked out the tinted window of the Mercedes. Did we do something for our little daughter to hide things from us? Ayako thought to herself. She knew that her daughter liked Haruo very much. He wouldn’t have — he couldn’t have — it’s just not possible. She abandoned the thought right away. After Kazuhiro disconnected the phone, he held it in his hand for a moment. Haruo came to the hospital that night, he thought. Why didn’t he tell me that my daughter was at the club, let alone that they left together? I knew the young man was hiding something, but I didn’t think it was something so close. I trained him and taught him just about everything. He couldn’t do this to me, could he? Nonetheless, he pressed the number and put his phone to his ear. It was answered on the first ring. Kazuhiro, with no hesitation in his voice, said, “I need you to look into something for me.” Mr. Tokugawa sat at his home office. The phone on his desk came to life after a very long time. He said in a tone louder than he normally spoke. ANSWER! The phone clicked over.“Yes?” he said “Is this Mr. Tokugawa?” the female voice on the other end asked. “Correct,” he says. “I have a satellite call for you from 15447834559H1.” “Really?” he said. “Fine, I accept, pass code 678944032k7. I accept the line.” “Please hold.” There was silence on the other end for a few moments, followed by a series of clicks and tones. “Yes,” he said. “Mr. Tokugawa,” Haruo answered on the other end. “Are you in front of the conference camera?” “Yes,” Kazuhirosaid. “Please, turn it on, Sir.” Kazuhiro pointed his remote at the TV and pressed the button. On the screen was Haruo standing with four other men. One he recognized to be Tamotsu, but he did not know the other three young men. The men looked quite young. “Tokugawa-san,” Haruo said with a bow. “I have located the thugs who have assaulted your daughter,” Kazuhiro said nothing and continued to watch the screen. Haruo said, “Tell him what you have guys done.” One of the young men spoke, “We didn’t know she was your daughter, Sir. We thought that she was just some random girl walking down the street, and she looked like she had some money so we decided to take it from her.” “Hmm,” Kazuhiro said, then asked, “What else?” The young man looked startled for a brief second. Kazuhiro looked into the lens of the camera and said, “Good job. I trust you will do what is necessary.” Haruo looked at the camera and said, “I will do the honorable thing, just what needs to be done for justice .” Then he pulled out his Glock 45 with a silencer attached and pulled the trigger at the first man, shooting him in his chest and head. Then he proceeded to do the same with the second man but just shot him in the head. The last realized what was going on, held up his hand, and said, “Wait! You said if we said what you want….” Haruo shot him through his hand and into his face, the bullet going into his cheek and breaking his jaw. The young man gagged and choked, fear in his eyes, looking as if he wanted to say something, trying so hard to speak. Haruo walked up to him and point blankly range shot the young man in his head. Then he walked over to the other two and shot them in the head just one more time to make sure they were dead. He looked down at the lifeless bodies and spat on them. He turned to the camera and said, “Please forgive me for taking so much of your time. These three men will not be the last. If we find any more that were involved in your daughter’s assault, I will take care of them myself.” Haruo bowed politely and respectfully. Kazuhiro lightly nodded his head and then ended the video feed and disconnected the call. Kazuhiro paused, endless thoughts crossed his mind all at once. He had seen video executions before. Since the yakuza had its own satellites, the executions happened more often than most people realized. However, this one was different and strange. Kazuhiro could still feel the weirdness lingering. As if Haruo was rushing it, and what was the last man trying to say? He knew he should feel relieved, but he didn’t. It was as if that hole was still empty. He knew he had to get to the bottom of this. He mused, “The only reason that Haruo would execute those men himself is, one, he didn’t want me to get my hands dirty or, two, he didn’t want me asking any questions. Something is definitely going on.” He looked at his phone and pressed a number. A video image of his daughter lying in her hospital room showed on screen. She was still lying there, motionless. He watched as the doctors and nurses came and left her room. His wife sat by her side, holding her hand, and was reading aloud a book to her daughter. He zoomed in and noticed that the writing was in English. He nodded his head in approval. Even though Okami was unconscious, his wife was guiding and teaching his daughter. He puffed up his chest slightly and said, “She will be a good Japanese woman, regardless of how others may see her. She will make a good wife.” Then he bowed his head and thought, She can only make a good wife if she can ever get past this. But the truth was he knew that his daughter was extremely special, one of a kind. She got the spark in her from her mother. She had a great destiny ahead of her and there would be only one man in her life who would be able to let go of everything and hold on to her. He knew that everything was about patience. If he waited long enough, everything would be revealed — including the mystery behind his daughter’s attack. He zoomed in on his daughter’s face. She was beautiful, he felt proud to be her father. He could everything away just to see her smile and laugh again. He wanted to… hold on a second, what was that? He looked at her face, yes, yes, it was! He could see eye movement. She had not responded or shown any signs. Now she is having eye movement. He reached for the phone and nearly knocked over the lamp sitting on his desk. He pressed a button and a voice on the other end said, “Yes, Sir?” Kazuhiro had to still contain his composure but the excitement in his voice was recognizable. “We leave in three minutes,” he said. “Destination, Sir?” the man asked. Kazuhiro said, “hospital.” Chapter 5: The Water Lily Begins to Blossom kami was standing in the courtyard of her home. She could see the paper windows, the columns of her house, the porch, and the stairs descending to the ground. She recognized it all. Everything around her was white. The sky was pink and clear. Next to her, the pond that used to sit below her window was now a babbling brook, winding and O twisting around the courtyard in a beautiful snake-like pattern. Stones decorated the sides like glitter sprinkled on a line of glue. She was wearing the traditional Japanese wooden shoes with the red kimono that she faithfully looked at in the window of the department store she passed by every day. It was covered in perfectly embroidered flying cranes and splashed with red and pink flowers. She was running and playing in the courtyard, the clip-clop of her shoes heard on the pavement. Water lilies and goldfish were floating in the air and cherry blossom petals were falling all around her. She looked up and every now and again the fish would float down and caress her cheeks and wrap themselves around her, swimming — or in this case, flying — under her arms, around her waist, and then quickly darted away, only to return to her and do it all again. Okami giggled as the fish went this way and that. She didn’t really know where she was, but she loved this place. She felt safe and warm. She lifted her hands and played with the floating water lilies like light balloons falling and rising in the park. She plucked one out of the sky, and it opened and closed as if breathing for her. It was the most beautiful sight she had ever witnessed. This place was perfect; she could stay here forever. She had no cares, no concerns, and no worries. Everything was bliss, and she could feel it all around her. A warm breeze blew through the trees and stirred the blossoms, sending more petals through the air. Okami danced around trying to catch the small pieces in her hands. Then the breeze cooled and gradually became colder and colder Okami stopped playing and wrapped the kimono around her body tighter. She looked down and noticed that the water in the brook was moving much faster than before. The speed steadily increased, and then the color of the water became blood red. Something began splashing in the water, and Okami looked up to see the goldfish turning belly up and falling from the sky. They are dying, she thought. The water lilies turned brown and dried, then were blown away by the now-freezing cold wind. The sky darkened, and in the distance, Okami could see a large, black cloud forming and moving fast toward her. The cloud shifted direction, and shot straight toward the ground only yards in front of her, leaving mounds of black goo all over the courtyard until the blackness left the sky, and was now all around her. The mounds of goo began to transform. At first, she could barely make out the shapes. She squinted her eyes to see a bit more clearly, but it was a useless automatic response, for in seconds she recognized each shape, and could see them with crystal clarity. They were black wolves, hundreds of them, the size of small cows if you could consider a cow small. They growled, their fangs sharp and bone white, their eyes red, and drool dripping from the sides of their mouths. They slowly moved toward Okami. She backed up until she was up against the trunk of a cherry blossom tree. A white wolf, larger than the rest, pushed through the pack of wolves and stared at her. He was only fifty feet away but judging by his size, she was certain he could clear that space in seconds. The wolf held its head up and howled. It was an ear-piercing howl. It shook the trees and shattered the foundations of her home, crumbling it to the ground. Then he let out a loud, quick bark, and one of the animals broke rank and lunged at Okami. She wanted to cover her face — she needed to cover her face — but she was frozen with fear. All she could do was silently watch as the wolf flew through the air, ready to pounce on her. His body spread straight out, paws in front showing razor-sharp claws. Right before he reached her, the wolf was tackled by something or someone, and then it yelped and fell to the ground, dead. Okami stood looking at the dead wolf, and then a figure rose from the crouching position. It was the most beautiful and frightening warrior Okami had ever seen. The long hair was pulled back into a tight ponytail that fell down the warrior’s back. She wore the traditional samurai armor: small metal shards tightly woven together with silk thread. Her helmet was narrow on her head. It was shaped to her head exactly, forming around her face with an opening in the back that allowed for her ponytail to emerge. Besides the silver armor, all the fabric she wore was black down to her boots. They laced up to her calves. She was tall with long legs, thick thighs, and an athletic build. Her breasts were tastefully stuffed in a protective armored plate. She stood with her back to the dead animal. She looked at the leader of the pack, drew her sword, and pointed it at him, motioning at him to come to play with her. He paced back and forth for a moment and then howled. All the wolves at once bounded straight toward the warrior, and Okami was afraid for her protector’s life. The warrior — with no hesitation as if responding on autopilot — sprang into the air, and swung her sword once. She hit the ground running as body parts, and animal insides fell behind her. She was attacked from the left and sidestepped, disemboweling one of the creatures while at the same time shoving her hand down another’s mouth, and crushing his windpipe from the inside. Never losing her momentum, she shoved her sword into the skull of another, pulled her weapon out, and began rapidly pulling the trigger, pointing her weapon this way and that, never missing her target. Every hit was fatal. Wave after wave came at her, and she dealt with them all, never losing control, never breaking her concentration. Her movements were a blur; she moved so quickly that Okami never saw a drop of blood hit her. She looked as if she were dancing with the wolves, toying with them, playing with their intentions, and then bending them to her will. One after the other fell victim to her sword and sidearm until there was only one left. The leader of the pack paced around the now poised and ready warrior. Her posture was perfect, arms extended, feet spread slightly apart. As the wolf moved, so did her body as if the two were having one last dance. The two moved, ready and waiting for the other to strike first. They walked over the many dead and bleeding carcasses, neither one of them fazed by all the death around them. Okami could only stand holding onto the tree, hoping that her savior was victorious but fearing the worst. Her nails dug deep into the trunk of the tree. Okami could not breathe; she just stood there and watched. Suddenly without warning, the beast shifted its weight and ran toward Okami. Clearing yards in seconds with her protector right on his heels, it leaped for Okami. And the warrior leaped after it. Springing off her hands, she soared through the air, feet in front aiming right at the beast’s rib cage. She hit it hard and Okami heard the breath leave the animal in a loud yelp. It slid across the courtyard, but not before it was able to take a swipe at Okami, ripping the sleeve of her kimono. Okami grabbed her arm, and she could feel her left arm wet with blood — her own blood. She fell to the ground as the warrior leaped over her, bounding toward the wolf in an attempt to finish it off. She struck at it with her sword, only to have the blow blocked by a set of razor- sharp teeth. The two of them struck back and forth at each other, every blow potentially fatal if any one of them were to land its destination. The warrior leaped over the wolf, drawing her sidearm, and pulling the trigger, landing a set of well-placed bullets into the back of its head. The wolf hit the ground with a thud. Okami’s protector landed back, facing the animal, and then turned around, still ready to strike again. The wolf slowly rose, blood pouring from its mouth, but its movements were still unaffected. It made a final leap toward the fighter, mouth open, claws in front, pure intention to kill on its face. The woman rolled into the wolf’s path. Okami yelled to look out, but the fighter stayed firm, not moving — only waiting. With her sword drawn, she quickly stepped to the side, bent down, and made an upward strike. The wolf missed her and landed on its feet, then turned to attempt its attack again. The warrior stood, just watching. Then without warning, the beast’s stomach and chest opened up, and all of his insides burst out and onto the ground. The wolf just stood, and then fell to the ground, letting out one last breath. The warrior flicked her sword and sent blood to the ground. With a smooth fluent movement, she placed her sword back into its sheath, then turned and looked at Okami. She walked toward Okami, placing the gun back in its holster. She walked straight up, head leveled, her hips slightly swaying. She took long strides but was not rushing. Okami, still on the ground, holding her arm scooted away. The power that was moving toward her was frightening. Yet she felt a sense of wholeness: she knew she was looking at a complete woman, and that woman was coming directly at her. Okami’s heart pounded; it felt like it was going to come out of her chest. She was shaking, and could not stop breathing hard. As the warrior moved closer, Okami moved back until she was once again up against the tree. The woman came to her and stood, then shifted her swords to one side, and crouched down to one knee. Okami shielded her face, not sure of what would happen next. Waiting to be hit or slapped or kicked, she felt nothing. She slowly put her arms down, and finally saw that the woman was holding her hand out as if to help Okami up. Okami reluctantly held out her hand. The warrior touched Okami’s hand, closing her fingers around it, and then leaned forward to pull Okami up. As she did, Okami could see the light hitting the warrior’s face. Her head blocked the sun, so Okami could see clearly what this warrior looked like. She was a beautiful woman with soft features. Her eyes were clear and brown. Her skin was smooth and slightly tanned as if she were born that way. Her skin was the same color as Okami’s. Okami peered into this beautiful woman’s eyes and was invaded by the reality that she was almost looking at herself. She tried to pull her hand away, but the grip was locked. She tried to kick her hand out, jerking and pulling, but all the woman did was hold her hand — unflinching, immovable, as if she were a statue. Okami kicked and screamed, and said, “Let me go! You are not me! You are not me!” She tried one last time pulling with all her might, yelling at the top of her lungs “AAAAHHHHHH!” Okami sat straight up in her hospital bed, quickly grabbing her left arm and still screaming from her dream. She looked around the room, and her vision cleared. It took a few seconds, which felt like a lifetime for her. She had to get out. She did not know where she was. She saw the IV in her hand and quickly pulled it out. The wires stuck to her chest she pulled off, as well. She could feel hands on her but everything was happening so fast, and all she could feel was fear. Kicking, screaming, and fighting, she heard voices but could not make them out. Okami’s mother tried to hold her down. She kept saying, “Baby it’s me; baby it’s me,” but there was no response. She grabbed Okami by her shoulders to get her to look at her, but Okami was not there. She could not even recognize her mother’s voice. Okami’s mother began to yell for help, but the room was already being flooded by nurses in their scrubs, ready to put their skills into action. One grabbed her working arm; two grabbed her legs, one on each; and everyone kept saying, “Calm down.” The doctor came in. It took him only two seconds to figure the situation out. He shouted, “2 ccs of hallidol — now!” Okami could feel herself being held down, and with all of the strength she had, she knew she was going to use it to fight them off. Where was she? How did she get here? A short nurse with red straight hair wiped her arm with an alcohol swab, and was about to stick a needle into Okami’s arm when a voice — strong, sturdy, and full of authority — grunted loud enough to pierce the commotion: “Wait! Stop!” Kazuhiro Tokugawa entered the room, and even Okami had to pause for a moment. He walked up to his daughter and looked into her eyes. He said with a voice that only a father who truly loved his daughter could have, “Okami, I am here: it’s your father.” She looked over at the sound of the voice, and then all the faces came into view. She looked up at her father who was now moving past a few nurses, and her mother and said, “It’s ok, child.” He sat on the edge of her bed and stroked her bangs out of her face. She looked up at him and said in a voice questioning, and a tone of a 7- year-old. “DADDY?” He said, “Yes, sweetheart. It’s me: it’s Daddy.” Okami began to cry, and wrapped her arms around her father, crying into his suit. She could smell his cologne and felt the familiar smoothness of his Armani. She could not let him go. So she sat there and cried in his arms for a very long time. Mr. Tokugawa looked around the room, and gave a nod to the people present as if to say it’s over now; you all may leave. I have this under control. He could feel his daughter’s heart rapidly beating. Her sobs filled the room, and all he could do was just hold her. He sat on the bed with the resolve to be there as long as she needed him. He was not the type of man to show his emotions or affection, but after his daughter was born, all of that changed. He couldn’t pinpoint exactly when that happened, but he knew once it did happen, he would never be the same. Okami slowly relaxed, but still could not let go of her father. Arms still wrapped around his broad strong shoulders, holding onto him always made her feel comfortable. She remembered the nights when she would have nightmares, and he would come into the room, pick her up into his arms, and make everything better. She leaned back and looked into her father’s eyes. He smiled at her, and she instantly felt safe. They just exchanged looks for a moment, and then Kazuhiro broke the silence and asked, “Are you ok, kiddo?” Okami responded in her 7-year-old voice again and said, “I think so, Daddy. He would always say that to her when she would get upset or things would not work out, and it always made her calm down. When he would say that, she knew there was nothing she could say that would upset him. What am I doing here? What happened? Even though his daughter was able to bring out the soft spot in him he still was not a man of well- placed words. He turned and looked at Okami’s mother, who was quietly standing by. She understood that there were times a daughter and her father needed each other, and she recognized that this was one of them. She also knew that she would be called upon when she was needed and could tell this was that time. She sat down on the other side of her daughter’s hospital bed, and she spoke in creole, saying, “Eech mwen (meaning “my child”), you have been through a lot these past few days.” She stroked the back of her daughter’s head and looked at her with her motherly, loving eyes. “Can you remember anything, baby?” her mother asked. “No, Mommy,” Okami answered. Okami could see flashes of something, but could not really understand exactly what she was seeing. The images that flashed before her eyes disturbed her. Her mother switched back to speaking Japanese. “Rest, child,” she said and climbed into the bed next to her. Kazuhiro proceeded to get up. Okami quickly grabbed his arm, and said, “Don’t leave, Daddy.” He looked at his daughter and sat back down. The three of them held each other, and Okami fell back into a dreamless sleep. Chapter 6: The Lily Speaks and Whispers the Truth azuhiro sat in the back seat of the car, his daughter in the middle, and his wife on the other side. Okami’s arms wrapped around her mother, and she wore her Hello Kitty pink jumpsuit that was brought from the house for her to wear from the hospital. Her hospital wristband was still attached, for she did not want to part with it. He looked over at the two of them. Ayako looked at her daughter while stroking her head. Okami’s eyes K just looked out of the car window. She had not spoken since the time she woke up in the hospital from her coma. All she would do is sit and stare. She would eat, drink and point at what she wanted but would never speak. She had to be sedated most of the time to sleep. The doctors kept her in the hospital for one more day after her awakening. Tests were run, but besides her broken arm, and a few scrapes and bruises, she was fine. She didn’t have feelings in the toes and fingers on her left side, but the doctors said that it should return after a few days of healing. The suggestion was made to keep her in the hospital for a few more days; however, her mother was strongly against it. “There is no reason why our daughter cannot come home where she can receive the same care, and be in an environment that is familiar to her.” The doctors tried to convince her otherwise; however, Kazuhiro knew his wife, and once she made up her mind the decision would be made, and there was no retreat from it for her. Okami watched as the car pulled into the driveway; she looked at her Tokyo home for the first time in days. It felt good to see her house again. The car pulled to a halt, and all of her father’s men got out of the car, some looking around others opening up the door for her father and mother. When it was time to get out, she let her mother go and held tightly to her father. Kazuhiro wanted to smile at her; however, he was in public, and for the sake of his family he could not show how he truly felt. He hoped his daughter understood that. Once inside, he planned to make up for that. He helped his daughter out of the car, and they walked together up to the house as the door was opened for them. Okami stopped and looked around. Everything was the same yet so different. She could see nothing was wrong with her eyes, but the world just seemed to be dimmer now. She slowly let her father go, and walked toward the stairs, putting her right hand on the railing. She could feel the cold hardwood on her fingers. She put one foot on the step and looked up. She took a deep breath in and blew it out slowly. Then she slowly ascended the staircase. Her feet made no sound. She turned, and her mother was right behind her. Okami looked forward again, feeling a bit more sure of herself, she finished the last few stairs and walked toward her room. As she opened the door, her senses were hit with the decoration of it all. She noticed the ruffles on her bedspread, the different colored bears, and animals that decorated every part of her room, and the posters of her favorite singers, and actors littered the wall placed this way and that. She always looked forward to going to her room — it was her escape. However, this time she felt nothing: no joy, no sadness, just indifference. She needed to feel something and chose to walk to her window and look down, as she would always do. The pond always made her feel better. She slowly sat on the window seat and looked down. She saw the water lilies, and the goldfish swimming around in a melody of movements. Instead of peace and tranquility, she felt fear and anxiety, and the images of the dream she had in the hospital a few days ago came rushing back. Okami shut her eyes, and slowly looked away. She stood from the window seat and walked to the only comfort she knew. Okami plopped herself onto the bed, feeling the soft silk comforter. It always was so pleasant for her, but this time it made her skin crawl, and she could not remember why. She stood up and quickly pulled the comforter off the bed, and let it aimlessly fall to the floor. Her mother standing at the door watching her daughter, walked over to the bed, and picked up the comforter, placing it outside. She was not sure why her daughter would do that. Okami was always so meticulous about making sure that everything was straight and clean; however, this was different. She watched her daughter slowly climb onto her bed and lie down, looking out of the window up into the sky. She went to close her door, and Okami quickly commanded her mother, almost yelling, “NO!” Her mother paused, looked at her daughter, and said nothing more than “ok.” Okami turned her head again and looked out of the window, and her mother slowly backed away to retreat downstairs, holding the comforter in her hands. Mrs. Tokugawa could have servants, but she protested against it. She had to put up with the intrusive presence of the security, but she was not going to have a bunch of bustling little girls around her house, where her privacy would be under constant scrutiny. Other than the routine house clean-ups once or twice a week, she did everything herself, and she liked it that way. Her mother didn’t do it, and she was not going to do it as well. Placing the comforter in the laundry basket, she went over to her husband’s office, and let herself in. Kazuhiro looked up and acknowledged his wife’s presence with a loving face. Ayako leaned against the wall and said, “I don’t know what has happened to her, but I have seen this before.” Kazuhiro looked up from the computer screen, and said, “So have I.” He remembered the young girls who would come off the boat from different countries, and who had been purchased or stolen. It was his job at one time to house them, and make sure they were placed in the proper places around Tokyo, some to be sold again or used as the clan deemed necessary. He remembered how some of them would just stare or hold on to one another just as his daughter was doing now. Some things were best- kept secret, and there were things about his life he would never share with his wife, and she never asked. “Let’s give it some time,” he said at the same moment as he exhaled. “We must not lament over this. She is going to need us more now than ever before.” Ayako walked over to her husband, put her hand on his shoulder, and said, “I fear she is never going to be the same. She is not our little girl anymore.” “No,” Kazuhiro said, “she is not a little girl any longer.” Before he could finish his statement the silence was broken by a blood-curdling scream from upstairs. They looked at each other, and both of them bolted out of the office door. Okami’s mother bounded up the stairs, and Kazuhiro put his hand out to stop the guards that were now coming through the door, focused on going upstairs, and gestured for them to stay where they were as he followed not far behind his wife. When he arrived, Okami was holding her mother and crying into Ayako’s chest. He looked at his wife, and she looked at him. He clutched his fist and returned downstairs. Pulling out his cell phone, he called a number; it was picked up on the first ring. “We need to meet,” he said. “I don’t care. We need to meet now. Yes, not a problem — coffee shop in 20 minutes.” He hung up the phone, and said to one of his men, “Get the car. We are leaving.” Satoshi Tanaka sat on the floor of the coffee house, sipping on a cup of tea. He never liked the black bitter-tasting stuff. He felt that anything that would go into the pallet of one’s mouth should be enjoyable, and if it were not so then there was no reason for one to partake. The only exception was sake, especially when it was not just any sake. The cold, unfiltered sake from his hometown was the best, and if anywhere he could get it, that was all he would drink. Anyone who knew him knew that. He poked at the screen of his electronic notebook, reading a few articles, and glancing at pictures. He really couldn’t care less about what was going on: whose child was kidnapped, what the local government had to say about this policy and that. All he cared about was how the stock market was doing, and if he would get another 300,000-yen dividend check. He heard footsteps approaching the small little private room he had obtained and looked at his watch. Right on time, as usual. That old bastard was never late; he liked that and respected it. The door opened, and a cute little hostess in a loosely fitting white shirt and a black skirt that was the opposite showed Kazuhiro through the door. “Would you like for me to get you anything, Sir?” Kazuhiro said, “No, that will not be necessary. Please see that we are not disturbed.” She politely bowed and said, “Very well.” and briskly walked away. Satoshi looked up from his tea for just a moment to watch her ass as she left. “How are you, old friend?” he asked as he motioned for Kazuhiro to sit down. He could have stood, and gone through all the polite gestures, but he felt it was unnecessary. He owed this man his life, and if he didn’t realize that by now, he could kiss his tiny little pale ass because it was and would always be what he would do, and there was no regret. Luckily for him, he was indebted to a man who understood the value of loyalty. He would follow Kazuhiro to hell, and, if need be, pull the heart out of the big demon boss himself, if that was required of him. Kazuhiro walked to the other end of the table and sat down. Satoshi leaned over and poured his good friend a cup of tea. They sat for a moment with no words, then Satoshi spoke first. “How is your daughter doing?” Kazuhiro sighed and his shoulders slumped. “It’s not good. She has been through something far greater than what everyone suspects.” “What do you mean?” Satoshi asked, now putting down his cup and looking directly at Kazuhiro. “Well,” he continued, “Remember the girl in Bangkok — the one we were sent to retrieve for the Arab prince?” “You are talking about the one who killed herself, right?” Satoshi said for clarification. “Yes,” Kazuhiro responded. “Well, my daughter has those same eyes, which leads me to believe that more went on that night than the police can tell us.” He then continued to add the part where Haruo called him on video conference. Satoshi crossed his arms and stroked his chin. “Well, it’s interesting that you would say that,” he said. “I had been following the young man since you spoke with me that night, asking me to check him out. His behavior has been pretty odd. One night, he went down to the red light district, and just grabbed three men. Now after hearing your story, I now know why they have not been heard from again. I also trailed him to another home he has. I know many of us to have more than two homes, but here is the part that makes me curious. It has state- of-the-art security: all the windows are reinforced. There was also a repair crew fixing his upstairs window.” He continued to say, “I checked it out further. Didn’t you say that the doctors had to remove shards of glass from her arm?” “Yes, I did,” Kazuhiro replied. “Well, I think those same shards of glass that were in your daughter’s arm are from Haruo’s place. The reason why I say that is that the type of set-up he has upstairs is a smoke-shade glass system. Meaning that it will place smoke in-between two sets of window panes. The type of glass needed for this system is made in Europe, and there are only about a hundred-plus people that own a system like that in Tokyo. The majority of the owners have them placed in penthouses and hotels. Your boss’ son is one of the few who have it in a home.” He paused and took a sip of his tea. Then he went on to say that the trash cans in the back of the house were crushed as if something heavy was placed on them or dropped. He found traces of blood and has a buddy in forensics who knows how to match DNA. “It should take a few days or hours according to what he may find.” Kazuhiro reached down, grabbed his cup of tea, took a sip, and asked, “Is that all?” “For now,” Satoshi said. “But I can assure you if anything else comes up, you will be the first to know.” Kazuhiro said, “Thank you, my friend. You have always been there for me. I hope one day I can return the favor,” as he began to stand. “You already have,” Satoshi said, trying to get up faster than his friend. They both made it to their feet at the same time and bowed. “There is one more thing I request of you.” Kazuhiro gave an envelope to Satoshi. “Read it, do it. If what you say is true, I will have to call you.” He turned to walk out and Satoshi asked, “What about the boy?” Kazuhiro looked over his shoulder and said, “Watch him.” Then he walked out the door, and down the hallway. His heart was pounding out of his chest. To be betrayed by someone so close to him was not a surprise as much as a disappointment. He worked with Haruo; he was a great student Kazuhiro had grown to respect the young man a great deal. Now to find out that everything he taught was now being used against him. If this was so, and Satoshi was correct (very seldom was he ever wrong), Kazuhiro would kill Haruo himself. For now, he would just wait. He was always waiting, always patient, and sometimes he wondered if it was always the best move. But he was still alive, and everyone else who toyed with him had never made it. The car door was opened for him and he got in. “Take me home,” he said. Mrs. Tokugawa looked at her daughter sleeping on the floor cushions in the living room. She was curled up in a tight little ball. Passed out practically, daytime was the only time she would sleep, and when she did sleep at night, she would wake up screaming or just walk and pace the hallway all night long. It was the fifth day since she had been brought home from the hospital, and Mrs. Tokugawa smiled because this was the first time since she had been home when Okami had slept longer than 30 minutes at a time. She turned and looked at the digital clock on the wall, which confirmed her assumption. It had been two hours straight. Her daughter was feeling better, and getting more comfortable at home, and that made Ayako feel a little better. She stood in the kitchen preparing the meal for that evening when she felt two hands wrap around her waist, and soft lips kiss her neck. She was startled for a moment but could recognize those hands and lips anywhere, but it was always his sweet masculine smell that she picked up on before anything. However, she was so deep in thought she didn’t even hear him. It felt good to be touched. He had not touched her like that since their daughter had been in the hospital. He stayed gone all day and slept very little at night. Sometimes she would wake up, and hear him speaking to his daughter, while he worked in his office. She wrapped her hand around his and leaned her head back exposing as much of her neck as she could. Kazuhiro locked his neck and chin around hers feeling her head rest on his shoulder. He took a deep breath, inhaling her scent, the smell of his wife’s perfume mixed with vegetables, meat, and the daily household smell. He was not used to her being home so much. She was always active, and into something, but since the event with his daughter, she was home a lot more, and he liked it. He knew he had been neglecting her, and the attention he used to show had been sacrificed, and replaced with his work. He could not remember the last time he held her like this, and had forgotten how good it felt — how good she felt. Her body was as tight and sexy as it was when they first met several years ago, give or take a few spots that were more cushioned than others, but he liked that. He found it sexy, and it made her look and feel more like a woman. “How long has she been sleeping there?” he asked in his deep voice, knowing that it would resonate through his wife’s body. She gripped his hand and said, “For about two hours.” “Really?” he said. “That’s good. You were right, being home was good for her. How have you been, my dear? It has been a while since we have spoken like this.” Ayako sighed and said, “It has not been easy. These past couple of days have been hard on her, which means it is hard on me. But I don’t mind; I get to be with my daughter more. Of course, I wish it were under different circumstances.” Then she turned around, and faced her husband, wrapping her arms around his waist, and laying her face on his chest. “Do you think this will get better?” she asked. “Okami is a fighter — she will make it through this.” He replied reassuringly “No, I don’t mean her. I mean us. We don’t talk like we used to, and up until now you haven’t touched me.” He pulled her closer to himself. “I know,” he said. “But it will pass. What will never change is how much I love you.” She looked up and smiled at him. Sometimes he had a gift for the cheesy, but she found it endearing. He was a warrior, and words did not come easily to him. She did not care. She had been through what she thought the ideal man was before and had gotten disappointed every time. No, she made the right choice, and she loved this man more than anything. Mr. Tokugawa, though he pissed her off at times, he was hers, and she was not going anywhere. “Sometimes I worry,” she continued. “Did we make the right choice coming here to Tokyo?” She looked away from him and said, “After this with Okami, I do not know anymore. I knew it would not be easy for either one of us, but I never considered it might affect our child. I don’t think I will ever be able to forgive myself for being so selfish.” She looked up at her husband, her eyes wide and round. “Kazi, I don’t think I am the woman you met, and married all those years ago. Something has changed inside of me, and I am afraid for the first time in years, that it is only going to get worse for us. Let’s leave this place. Are your plans for you, and this family really worth more than the well-being of our daughter? We can go back to St. Croix. The connections we have made, and who my parents are will keep us extremely comfortable. It won’t be like it is here, but we will be happy again.” Kazuhiro held onto his wife, putting his hand on her head, and pulling her close to lay her head once again on his chest. “We can’t leave, especially now. We are too close. Once we have established this family back to its original strength, we can go anywhere we want. I promise you that.” The fear of what was to come flashed through Ayako’s mind, and it was too much to bear. She pushed away from her husband and went back to preparing the food. As she rifled through the bags, she said, “Haven’t we lost enough? We almost lost Okami, and I fear if this continues I may even lose you. I could not live with you no longer here with me.” He moved in close to his wife and put his hands on her waist. “Don’t touch me, Kazi,” she said over her shoulder. He hesitated but held her even tighter. She looked back down at the countertop and said, “Tell me this: just tell me we are going to be ok, no matter what happens, we are going to be ok. I need to hear from you. I will always be there for you, right by your side, no matter what, but I need you to tell me that you are going to get us through this.” Kazuhiro looked up into the sky and said, “I cannot lie to you, not that it would matter because you would see straight through my words. What I will tell you is that never before in my life have I ever been so clear in my actions and that everything that could be thought of I have. I need you to trust me. We both have been through a lot and sacrificed much, and I take none of it lightly.” He turned her around and looked deep into her beautiful eyes. “Ayako, the two of you mean more to me than you will ever know, and I will give my life to protect what I consider to be the source of my life. I just want you to trust that I will protect you both no matter what.” He wanted to tell her that he had exhausted every asset and thought he had. He wanted to tell her that he was clueless about what was going to happen next and that he could not predict anything anymore. He wanted to tell her that only time would tell. He knew he couldn’t do that — not now, not at this moment. Every woman has her point of breaking, no matter how strong she was, and he saw that Ayako was close to hers. All he wanted to do was fix this, and make all of it go away, but no matter what he did, there was just one challenge after another to solve. He was never tired of any of this, but he knew she would if he failed to be the man that she once married. He kissed her on her neck, and slowly left her side. He let his hands pass over her waist, following the contour of her lower back, then let his hands drop to his side and walked out the door. Ayako looked at him and watched her husband leave. She could feel that he was not being completely truthful with her, but she wanted to believe that everything would be ok, so she refused to question anymore. She decided that no matter what, she was going to be there for her husband, even if it meant burning half of this city down. She grinned and huffed, knowing that she actually could do it for real. The only thing tying her to this wretched city was him. Kazuhiro put on his shoes and walked out the front door. His driver sat in the front seat of the car, reading a magazine, and quickly tried to hide it once he saw his boss walking up to the door. He hopped out and ran around the car to open up the door. Kazuhiro said, “No, we are going to walk today.” “Yes, Sir,” the young man replied, looking extremely confused. They had not walked anywhere for quite some time. He closed the car door and posted himself by Kazuhiro’s side. As Kazuhiro walked toward the front gate, his guards with no question assumed their assigned places by his side, one on each side, their eyes scanning everywhere and everything, having the presence of hyper-vigilance, yet at the same time looking extremely relaxed. It was a skill that took a great deal of practice, and his men were masters of it. They walked down the streets of Tokyo. Kazuhiro had forgotten how beautiful this city was, and how much he loved this place: the crowded streets, the bars and restaurants, and how the people acted as if they did not care but noticed everything. It was what he grew up with, and the thought of leaving this place was unpleasant. He saw the tea house that he went to many years ago when he first moved here to this community. He and his men crossed the street and walked inside. The hostess met him at the front door with a bow and started to ask him questions about seating and how many, but she was quickly interrupted by the owner of the establishment, who came around the corner. He was a middle-aged man about ten years older than Kazuhiro. He bowed deeply and said, “Tokugawa Kazuhiro, it has been quite some time. Please come in.” He motioned for the hostess to take care of Kazuhiro’s men, which pretty much meant letting them sit anywhere they wanted. He walked Kazuhiro to what used to be his favorite room when he visited this tea house frequently. He sat Kazuhiro down and said, “Would you like anything? I just got a new batch of sake in. You will be the first customer to break the seal if you so choose.” “That sounds like a good idea, and when you return come drink with me.” The owner of the small tea house looked at Kazuhiro and bowed. He returned a few minutes later with two small cups and a fairly large container holding sake. It was not uncommon for the sake to be served in a tea house; however, this man only served the best of everything, and he charged well for it. The man sat down, poured Kazuhiro a cup, and then poured his own. They sat and talked about the old times, where they were now, and what they planned for the future. Before he knew it, Kazuhiro sat with his old acquaintance for three hours full of sake and sweets. Kazuhiro politely excused himself. He bowed and assured his host that he would return. Both of them were drunk, but Kazuhiro was a man who had the discipline of appearance, and if he was wasted no one could tell how much. He could fight sober or drunk, and not miss a beat either way. He put his shoes on, stepped out into the comfortably warm outside, and took a deep breath. His men were right by his side, and this time the cars were waiting for him. One of his men opened the door, and Kazuhiro stepped inside. Not that he would object to walking again, but he was quite relieved that someone was paying enough attention to know that the car would be a much-welcomed comfort. When he arrived home, he walked through the door and announced his presence. Normally, he would hear something, but this time it was silence. He called out again, slightly stumbling over his own feet as he walked to the stairs, and quickly regained his balance. He heard his wife’s voice this time saying, “Up here.” It was not her normal sound; there was stress in it, and he quickly climbed the stairs. Once he made it to the top and turned the corner, he saw Ayako frantically knocking on the bathroom door, calling out Okami’s name and saying, “Okami, honey, open the door! It’s Mommy.” Kazuhiro walked up to his wife and asked, “What is wrong?” She responded, “I am not sure, but she woke up a few hours ago. I fed her, and when she was done, she sat at the table for a while, as she has for the past few days. I went to get something from the pantry, and when I returned she was no longer there.” Kazuhiro knocked on the door and said, “Okami, it’s your father. Please open the door.” But there was no response. He could hear movement, but she would not answer him. Ayako placed her hand on his shoulder and said, “One of my sushi knives is missing from the counter.” He looked at her with alarm and without even thinking raised his foot and kicked open the door. The sight that met him crushed his heart, and caused time to stand still. Her mother gasped and called out Okami’s name, and covered her mouth. She went for her, but he held his arm out, stopping her in mid-stride. Kazuhiro stood there at the door, frozen, unable to move. His daughter, his little girl, was sitting on the floor in the middle of a pool of blood. She looked up at him. Her pretty face was smudged with her blood; her hands were wet and red. Her white gown was now red with white splotches here and there. Okami finally spoke and said, “Daddy I can’t feel anything on this side. See?” Then she lifted the knife in her hand, still dripping with blood, and cut herself again. “See? I can’t feel it,” she said in a monotone voice free of emotion. Kazuhiro walked across the bathroom floor, almost slipping on the blood, and knelt next to his daughter, grabbing her knife hand — but not before she was able to cut herself one last time. He took it from her with very little resistance and yelled out to Ayako to go get the car, but his wife had already left and was returning with bandages, saying the car was already outside. He cradled his little girl in his arms, looking at her wounds. She had cut herself on the left arm and left leg. Blood was everywhere; there was so much blood. He grabbed the bandages from Ayako and proceeded to apply pressure to the bleeding wounds on her shoulder, and the upper part of her thigh. Some were deep; some barely scratched the surface. Okami just watched her father work, looking at the blood on her hands, then looking down at the bandages. She reached up and touched her father’s face, leaving a fingerprint of blood on his cheek, and said, “I love you, Daddy. You are the best daddy ever.” He looked into his daughter’s eyes, and even though he was not a crying man, tears began to swell in his eyes. Call it too much sake; call it not enough sleep, but he could no longer hold it in, and one tear fell from his cheek, splashing onto the floor, merging with the blood. He could see life slowly leaving her eyes. He yelled out, saying, “Open the door!” He quickly snatched his daughter up, ensuring his footing was sure so he would not slip. His suit was covered in blood. He darted past her mother, who followed right behind him. He dashed down the stairs and into the car. The guards stopped for a split second, taken back by the horrific sight. He sat holding his daughter. Ayako checked and rechecked the bandages, monitored her heartbeat, and talked to her to ensure she was still conscious. Okami would respond to her, but barely. The hospital was a 15-minute drive, but his men did the impossible and got them there in 8 minutes. One of the men jumped out of the car and ran through the emergency room’s doors. Ayako helped her husband out of the car, taking care of her daughter’s head. Once clear of the car, Kazuhiro ran for the door with all his strength. When he made it through the automatic doors, his man was running behind a team of doctors and nurses pushing a gurney. “Please, Sir,” one of the nurses said, “Put her down here.” He gently placed his daughter on the gurney. Okami would not let go of his neck. He said, “Baby, you have to let me go so that they can help you.” Okami whispered in his ear and said, “I’m sorry, Daddy. It’s all my fault. I let it happen. I’m sorry. Please don’t be mad at me. Don’t leave me, Daddy.” “It’s ok, honey. I’m right here. I’m not going anywhere.” Finally, she released her grip and lay down on the gurney. Kazuhiro didn’t even notice that he was running beside the gurney into the main emergency room while he was talking to his daughter. Okami could last remember seeing her father’s face and holding his hand, and then she drifted off into the darkness. Kazuhiro watched as they wheeled his daughter into the operating room. His heart was beyond heavy. He just stood there in the middle of the hallway, speechless and unable to move. Thoughts raced through his mind as if he were on the editing floor of a long movie playing fast forward. He turned to look at his wife, who was just standing there looking at him. Ayako wanted to snap. All her emotions were on the surface, and she could not hold them in much longer. She looked at her husband standing there and slowly walked over to him. He reached for her hand, but she pulled it away, walked over to the benches in the emergency waiting room, and sat down. Kazuhiro was left standing alone. The medical staff passed by him, looking at this fairly large man covered in blood, but none dared say a word to him. Then one of his men came up behind him and bowed, holding a tightly packed, tied package under his arm. Mr. Tokugawa turned around, and the young man stood up and handed him the bag. It was a change of clothes: shoes, socks, jacket, and belt. Everything he usually wore. He took the package into the bathroom, changed his clothing, and put the soiled ones back into the bag. He didn’t want to throw them away; he felt a connection to them and could not bring himself to trash the garments. He emerged from the bathroom, bag in hand, and gave it to the young man waiting at the door. “Do not throw that bag away or wash it,” he said. The man quickly bowed and retreated through the automatic doors back to the car. The two of them sat and waited for hours. Neither one said a word. Kazuhiro understood his wife was a woman of great poise and class and did not expect to see any reaction from her while they were in the hospital. However, he knew he was in for it once they got home. He looked over at her, and she quickly glanced back at him. He knew that look all too well, and he was not looking forward to the words that were to follow. He could not worry about that now. He knew she would vent. He also knew she would do it at the right time. What he needed to focus on now was what his daughter said. It played over and over in his mind, and he could not make the connection for anything. Was she just delirious, or did she mean something? What was she trying to tell him? His thoughts were interrupted. The surgeon walked through the operating room doors and then looked in the Tokugawa family’s direction. Kazuhiro and his wife stood. The doctor bowed and said, “Please, Mr. and Mrs. Tokugawa, could you follow me?” It was customary in Japan to bring families into another room to tell them good news or bad. He closed the door behind them and said, “Your daughter is going to be ok. She has lost a great deal of blood, and if it were not for the bandages on her wounds, she might not have made it to the hospital. Her surgery went well: no main arteries were damaged. She is going to be ok. I need you to sign these papers; we will place her under suicide watch and need your permission for restraints.” “You are not getting it,” Ayako said to the doctor with a straight face. The doctor looked at her and then looked at Kazuhiro, then proceeded to say, “Has your daughter tried to do anything like this before?” Kazuhiro looked at the man and said, “NO!” “Well, I have seen this before, Mr. Tokugawa, and she may wake up and try this again. The restraints are for her safety.” Ayako said again in the most formal Japanese she could think of, “Doctor, I thought I said ‘No,’ our daughter did not—” Kazuhiro gently placed his hand on Ayako’s leg. She stopped in the mid-sentence. Kazuhiro looked up, straightened his posture, then leaned forward in his chair. “Doctor, my daughter didn’t try to commit suicide. When I came into the room where she was, she was cutting herself and saying that she could not feel anything. That is what you should be trying to figure out. Find out why my daughter cannot feel.” “I understand, Mr. Tokugawa, your concerns, but in her best interest—” Kazuhiro interrupted and said, “I don’t like repeating myself, and I don’t like being made to believe that I don’t know what I’m talking about. I’m really not used to that. You are a smart man: you would not be a doctor if you did not have a certain extent of intelligence. As my wife said, I do not believe my daughter was trying to kill herself. I am no longer asking you, but I am telling you to find out why my daughter cannot feel. If you attempt in any way to have her restrained if I even see so much as a piece of dental floss questionably wrapped around her….” He paused and leaned back in his chair. Looking at the doctor, he said, “So what you were saying was that she is scheduled for an MRI within the hour, and you are going to do everything you can to figure out why my daughter feels nothing on her left side, am I correct or did I hear that wrong?” The doctor took a deep breath and looked out of the window at the two men standing guard. “Of course, that is exactly what I was saying, and matter of fact, there is a place open for her to get an MRI as we speak. It just became available.” “Good, then we will wait for the results, and you will report back to us, and tell us what was found.” The doctor looked at Kazuhiro and said, “I am a surgeon. I don’t— Kazuhiro glared at the man in such a way that he stopped mid-sentence and said, “I will be seeing you once the MRI is done.” The three of them stood. The doctor bowed. Kazuhiro nodded his head, but Ayako did nothing. As the man left the room, one of the guards stopped the doctor, and looked at his hospital ID badge, then back at his face, then back at his badge again. He was not sure what went on in there, but if his boss had to speak, something happened. He nodded his head, and the doctor quickly walked down the hall, never looking back, and walked straight through the doors. Ten minutes later, a nurse walked up to them and said, “Mr. Tokugawa?” Kazuhiro stood and politely nodded his head. The nurse bowed and said, “Please follow me. Your daughter is being moved to receive her MRI, and after that, she will be placed in a room. Her doctor thought the family would like to be close to her during the procedure.” Kazuhiro looked at his wife and winked; Ayako grinned. That was one thing that would never get old for her. She always knew she was protected. Three hours later, Okami’s surgeon and her doctor sat with the Tokugawas, explaining the findings of her MRI. “We have performed every test that we could,” The surgeon said. “We even performed a blood test. I had my friend who is a neurologist test your daughter, and she was unable to find anything wrong with her that would explain why she is not responding to her neuropathways. The only conclusion we can come up with is that she has some psychological block within herself that is keeping her from feeling anything.” “Well then,” Okami’s mother said, “Then that is something her family has to deal with. If you fix the outside, we will worry about the inside. Thank you, doctor.” The doctor looked at her, then at Kazuhiro, and decided it would be better to speak to them both. “Well, your daughter has received a great deal of blood, and we need her to stay in the hospital for a few days to see that her body does not reject the transfusion. We can monitor her brain and sleep activity, as well, while she is here if you two agree with that.” Ayako said, “That will be fine. Where is our daughter now?” “She is right this way.” Okami’s surgeon looked at Kazuhiro and asked, “Would you be needing me for anything else, Sir?” Kazuhiro turned toward him, bowed, and said, “No, thank you, doctor. You have been a great help.” The surgeon returned his bow, and then respectfully turned, and left the hospital ward. Kazuhiro walked into his daughter’s room. It was a very comfortable place: warm and inviting. There was a small couch in the corner of the room next to the bed. The floor was smooth hospital tile, and the blinds were drawn. He pointed to a spot on the wall, and one of his men marked it and proceeded to install a video camera in that area. The lights were dimmed, and the doctor and his wife stood over Okami. Ayako had asked a question, and the doctor was explaining that, with the amount of blood their daughter lost, she would be out for quite some time. And when she shall awake, her energy level would be a bit low. Ayako thanked the doctor for his help and bowed. The doctor did the same, then walked past Kazuhiro and bowed to him, as well. Kazuhiro nodded his head and continued on the path to his daughter’s bedside. He put his arm around his wife, and she lightly elbowed him in his side, causing him to flinch a bit. He turned his eyes to her. “Don’t think I’m not still mad at you,” she whispered, leaning into his arm. “I know,” Kazuhiro said, “However, she is going to be ok — just like we will be. She is going to need us more than ever.” Ayako just looked at her daughter and said nothing. He pulled her closer, and she folded her arms and leaned her head on his chest. “I have work to do, Ayako. I have to leave soon, but I’ll be watching if you need me.” He leaned in and kissed his wife, then let her go and walked out the door. Ayako stood, arms still folded, just looking at her daughter. “It is going to be ok, eech mwen,” she whispered. “You may be daddy’s little girl, but a mother knows her child. We are going to face this demon together.” She sat down on her daughter’s bed and held her hand. Knowing the number of plastic surgeons, and psychologists she had been through herself, she knew what it would take to get her daughter back to functioning again. The first night went by well. Okami slept through the night and did not stir. She woke up later that morning. Her mother was sitting on the couch, reading a book. She looked over at her and said, “Mom, I’m thirsty.” Ayako looked up from her book, startled, and quickly got up and poured her daughter a glass of water. “Good morning, my child,” she said. “How are you feeling?”. Okami tried to sit up in bed but was still a little weak from the night before. Her mother helped her up and adjusted her pillows, working the controls on the bed to place her daughter in a comfortable position. “I’m ok,” Okami said, as she turned to look out the window. “Are you hungry?” her mother asked. “Mmhmm,” Okami responded. Ayako pulled the rolling table over and opened a sealed pack of pudding, dipped the spoon in it, and placed the spoon full of pudding into Okami’s mouth. Her mother sat down on the bed and continued to feed her daughter. Okami looked into her eyes and said, “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to cause any problems.” Her mother looked over at her daughter and said, “My child, you are not, and have never been a problem.” Okami reached over and rubbed the bandages on her arms. “I didn’t mean to hurt myself, Mommy. I can’t feel anything. I was just trying to feel something — and at the time, it seemed like a good idea. I didn’t realize how bad it was until Daddy walked in.” Ayako could hear her daughter’s voice shifting; she was coming back around to herself again. She knew that this would take some time, and if she pushed Okami, she might retreat into herself again, and then never come out. They sat together while Ayako fed her daughter pudding, and they talked. She was even able to get a laugh or two out of her daughter. Ayako stayed with her all day and well into the night, as every mother would if able. Kazuhiro walked through the doors of the hospital. He was drained. Between meetings and organizing this function, and that during the day he looked forward to sitting down with his daughter. He watched her from the camera feed on his phone and was able to see the laugh and smile again, that he missed so much. Buddha had truly blessed him, and he knew. No, he was certain that he had the two best women with him in all of Japan. She was sleeping now, but he wanted to be there when she awakened. He wanted to take his daughter home. He was relieved that she was ok. “We are going to be ok,” he thought to himself. “Everything is going to be fine.” As he got closer to the elevator, he held tight to the fairly large Hello Kitty stuffed animal tucked securely under his arm. The doors opened, and he and his men got on and rode up to the 23rd floor. He stepped out and walked to the ward where his daughter’s room was. He had a stride in his walk he had not had for quite some time, and he felt 10 years younger. He walked through the door, closing it behind him, and left the men outside. Ayako stood up from the couch, a small lamp attached to the book she was reading. When she looked up and saw him with the stuffed animal under his arm, she opened her mouth with surprise and placed the book down. She quickly tiptoed over to him and said, “Oh my God, she is going to love that.” She wrapped her arms around him and whispered, “How are you?” He smiled and said, “I am well.” He put his arm around her waist, lifted her a few inches off the ground, and squeezed her hard. She knew he was extremely tired, for he would always do that after a long day just to prove he was ok and had a bunch of energy still in reserve. She motioned for him to come to the couch, and before he sat down, he put the stuffed Hello Kitty on the table next to Okami’s bed. He looked at her sleeping so peacefully, then walked over to the couch and sat down. “How has she been today?” he asked. Ayako held her excitement in through a whisper. “She talked, Kazi! She talked all day. She is not back to normal, but she spoke a lot to me.” “You two spent a lot of time together, I know,” he whispered back. “I watched you.” Ayako looked up at the camera and said, “Oh yeah, that thing.” Kazuhiro chuckled and said, “Well, I’m glad you two talked. It looked just like old times.” “I know she’s not a baby anymore,” Ayako whispered, “But it is good to have my child back. At least for a little while.” Kazuhiro put his arm around his wife, and the two sat there for a moment and looked at their sleeping child. Then Ayako broke the silence and said, “I have to go to the bathroom, and then pray. Watch your daughter. The water is over there, and if you need the nurse, the call button is on the side of the bed, and right here against the wall.” Kazuhiro just looked at his wife and nodded. He knew where everything was, but it made no sense in telling her that because she would still end up saying it to him, anyway. He grabbed her around the waist and tried to feel her up. She slapped his hand with a grin, and said through her teeth while pointing at him, “Stop it! Our daughter is sleeping right there!” She put her finger on his chest, took a deep breath, and then turned and walked away. He watched her body as she walked to the door and, without even turning around, she said, “Stop staring at my ass, Kazi.” God, how he loved looking at her. She glided across the floor, hips swaying. Her hair was pulled up this time and neatly tucked and folded, not a strand escaping. It made her neck look absolutely incredible. She was so proportionately well built. He wanted to grab her, but he knew she would never stand for that — not here, not now. There were times she was more Japanese than he was, especially in that aspect, never in public, and always dirty in private. He grinned as she opened the door, looking at him one last time with her big beautiful almond eyes. She smiled, then looked down, and away as she closed the door. “That’s ok,” he said to himself. See he had plans once they got home. Daughter or no daughter, Kazuhiro was going to have his wife, and there was nothing she was going could do about it but say, “Yes.” If need be, he would relive college all over again. and see exactly how roomy the back seat of a Mercedes could really be. He sat down on the couch, still grinning from his thoughts earlier. Then he looked at his daughter, and his smile changed. He could stare at her sometimes for hours, his thoughts always going back to when she was a little girl, all the plans he had for her, and what he saw her becoming. Now she was 15, almost a grown woman, and he was still doing the same thing. Oh, how he never wanted her to grow up. He enjoyed the title ‘Daddy’s Girl.’ Most of his colleagues were eager to see their daughters off and married, seeing that as a burden lifted from their shoulders. He thought maybe if she would have been different, he might have seen it that way. A stubborn, smart, driven, beautiful little girl almost the spitting image of her mother. He could never see his daughter as a burden and didn’t want to either. He walked over to her bed, and gently touched her forehead, then held her hand in his. He remembered how tiny her hands used to be, and how he would bite them, and make her cry when she was a baby. Once she became a toddler, every time he tried it, she would try to slap his face, point her tiny little finger at him, and yell, “Stop it, Daddy!” She was always a fighter and he knew that she was going to fight through this as well. Okami started to stir, so he let her hand go, and prepared a moist towel for her. He had become used to his daughter sleeping like this ever since she had come home the first time from the hospital. Sometimes it would be small, but most of the time it would end up in a full-blown nightmare. He learned not to wake her during these episodes. It really didn’t matter: either way she would start screaming; it just would take longer to calm her down if disturbed before she chose to end the dream. Okami’s facial expressions began to change. He had seen them before, but this time he paid more attention. Her eyes would squint, and her mouth would move as if she were in pain. She slowly moved her head left to right, and then faster and faster as if saying no to someone. God, why hadn’t he noticed this before? He stepped away from the bed and watched his daughter. Her breathing became labored. Beads of sweat started forming on his daughter’s forehead. She once again shook her head back and forth, then opened her mouth, pushing her tongue into the back, and throwing her arms open. Kazuhiro had seen enough. He needed to interfere before she hurt herself. He moved forward and leaned in to put her arms back in bed. Okami started to mumble. Normally, her lips moved and nothing more, but this time sound came out. It was low and inaudible, at first. The volume grew, and as her voice got louder, she began to whisper, “No, no, not you, why?” Kazuhiro leaned in closer and said, “It’s OK kiddo, I’m here.” He knew she could not hear him, but, just in case she did, he wanted her to know she was not alone. She was speaking now; he wanted to listen. Even though it pained him to do so, he had to let his daughter relive this. “No, no!” she said. She started to lightly kick her legs. “Stop it!” she said. “I’ve got to get out.” Kazuhiro whispered in his daughter’s ear and said, “Get out of where Okami?” “I’ve got to get out of the house!” “Whose house, Okami?” he asked. “Where are you?” “I can’t tell anyone — they will never believe me.” He said nothing; Kazuhiro just listened. “I can’t do that! It hurts!” she yelled. “Who baby, who is hurting you?” “I can’t tell,” she said over and over again. “I can’t tell. I just have to get out.” Her face contorted into different expressions: anger, frustration, and pain. She began to shake her head faster and faster, and then sat straight up, eyes opened, and yelled, “Haruo nooo!” She was breathing heavily; sweat was dripping from her forehead. Her hospital gown was wet with perspiration. She held out her hand, and then slowly lay back down. She took in a deep breath and slowly let it out. All of the stress from her face and body seemed to leave her with the long exhale. When she took another breath, it was her regular sleeping rhythm, and she lay there as if the dream never happened. But Kazuhiro knew it had happened. He was there; he heard it all. He heard movement behind him, and the sound of a full paper cup hitting the floor. He quickly turned and saw Ayako standing there, stunned, her face white. She looked at her husband and said, “Well, that changes everything; doesn’t it?” Chapter 7: The Dragon Wakes Up from a Very Long Sleep azuhiro looked at his wife, walked over to the hospital room window, put his hands behind him, then took in a deep breath. Ayako slowly walked up to stand next to him. She crossed her arms and rested her chin inside the thumb and forefinger of her right hand. She stood, silent, waiting for Kazuhiro to speak. Separately they could stand on their own, but together they had the patience of a growing mountain. Kazuhiro’s phone rang and he pulled it out of his suit pocket. K Kazuhiro answered, saying, “Yes?” Satoshi's voice was slow and hesitant on the other end. “Hey, I got the blood test results back. You are not gonna like this, boss. It was Okami’s blood.” There was a pause, then Kazuhiro said, “That is what I expected.” He continued to say, “Did you read the contents of the letter I gave you the last time?” “Yes,” Satoshi answered. “Good. Then do it. Now.” There was no reply on the other end, just a click. Kazuhiro looked at his wife. Her shoulders dropped for only a moment, and she quickly regained her composure. Her eyes spoke about what she was feeling, and she knew what her husband was planning. “I will stay here with Okami,” she said. “She will need one of us,” Kazuhiro said nothing. She reached up, and pulled off his coat jacket, neatly folding it and placing it on the couch. He nodded and allowed one of his fingers to touch hers. He wanted to grab her and hold her, kissing her goodbye; however, his old ways of handling things flooded in on him like a broken tar trap. He could not be distracted, not now. Not when the honor of his family depended more than ever on what he was about to do next. He would only get one chance at this. Kazuhiro walked to one of the corners of the room and knelt, his back straight from the waist to the tip of his head as if an invisible line were tied to him and secured to the wall, his palms on his thighs, and then he slowly closed his eyes. He cleared his mind of all thoughts, and once again dug deep inside of himself and awakened the dragon. Ayako sat on the couch and did not move. She knew what her husband was doing; she had seen it many times before. She never worried if he would return; however, this time she was certain after tonight that she would never see him again. They both sat still for almost an hour, and even Okami did not stir as if, even asleep, she could feel the energy present within the room. Kazuhiro heard the elevator chime, and the doors open far on the other end of the ward. He stood up, lifting one leg and firmly planting his foot, then the other, and rose to his feet. He walked over to Ayako and said, “It has begun.” She unfolded his suit jacket and ritually slipped one arm inside and then the other, just as women in Japan had done for their samurai husbands centuries ago. She was proud of her husband and felt a sense of honor being married to such a brave man. Even though part of her was Japanese, the other part was St. Lucian. She still was a West Indian woman, and it was in her nature to have the last word. She leaned in and kissed him. Fixing his lapels, she said, “Kill that ungrateful son of a bitch, and, if you can, bring his heart to me.” Kazuhiro nodded his face firm and focused. He turned and slowly walked to the door. Ayako opened it, and he walked out into the hallway of the hospital ward, just in time to see Satoshi and a regiment of nurses with two or three doctors, followed by a group of men dressed in suits — but not yakuza. They had a different walk about them. Satoshi said in his relaxed, almost sarcastic Japanese tone, “Ladies and gentlemen, this floor is now being occupied by the Tokyo police. Please forgive the intrusion, and I assure you, if you cooperate with us, everything here will run smoothly.” Kazuhiro walked up to his good friend, and Satoshi handed him a duffle bag. Kazuhiro could see some of the men posting themselves around the hospital ward: some at doors, others in random places in the hall. He saw the nurses being handed Okami’s medical records and getting the required information from the nurses on duty. A doctor proceeded to go into Okami’s room, distracted by all of the well-organized commotions, and was quickly apprehended by one of Satoshi’s men. He was then directed to his relief doctor, who quickly asked for her paperwork and started going through it, familiarizing himself with his new patient. Satoshi laughed and said, “You pulled a lot of strings to make this happen, didn’t you?” Kazuhiro just looked at him and nodded. He took a few steps toward the exit and then turned to look at his wife who was still standing in the doorway of Okami’s hospital room. Satoshi said, “Don’t worry about my life, old man!” The two of them walked toward the elevator, and Kazuhiro stepped in. Before the doors closed, the two men exchanged glances. Kazuhiro said in a stern voice, cold and deep, “Where is that mother fucker?” Satoshi replied, “As of five minutes ago, he was still at Club Volume.” Then the doors closed, leaving the two men standing, each knowing that it would be the last time either one would see the other. Once the elevator started moving, Kazuhiro quickly placed the duffle bag on the floor and took off his jacket. He turned his attention to the bag and its contents. There were a few smoke grenades, a sword, a set of keys, and a nine-millimeter Glock silencer attached already in its holster. Kazuhiro popped the magazine to make sure it was full and chambered a round; then he pressed checked to make sure the bullet was well-placed home, hit the safety, and holstered the weapon. “You really outdid yourself, Satoshi,” he said aloud. The gun laws were strict in Japan. Getting caught with a gun in Japan was far worse than most yakuza wanted to deal with. However, this was a one-way trip for Kazuhiro and a wet-behind-the-ears rookie police officer was the least of his worries. He put his jacket on, adjusted his new accessories to make sure there were no bulges, then reached down, and picked up the duffle bag while at the same time, the elevator doors opened. Kazuhiro walked through the elevator doors, then out of the hospital. He reached into his pocket, grabbed the keys, and rounded the corner. He threw the duffle bag onto the back of a Dunlop motorbike, which was parked and waiting for him. Putting on his helmet, he started the bike up and sped off into the night. Tamotsu pulled out his phone and quickly looked up. He looked over at his boss and took a deep breath. Haruo was in his normal spot in the VIP, three bottles already down. He was surrounded by the usual close friends, groupies, and business associates. He was listening to one of them telling a story while a petite bleached blonde Russian girl with large breasts and wide hips sat on his lap, occasionally putting food in his mouth, and handing him his drink now and then. Tamotsu walked over to him and whispered in his ear. Haruo stopped laughing, then tapped the girl sitting on his lap. She slid off onto the couch. He whispered in Tamotsu’s ear, then sat up. Tamotsu made a hand gesture, and all the men with them dropped what they were doing, and headed in toward their assigned spots. Haruo said, “I am sorry to have to cut this celebration short. However, I have something very important that just came up.” The group verbally expressed their disappointment, and some of the girls showed pouty faces. “I know, I know,” Haruo said, “And we were having so much fun. Especially you, my dear,” as he looked at one of the girls, and made her blush. Then he turned and said, “Let’s not forget about you, either,” as he touched the face of another. Tamotsu leaned in and whispered in his ear, “We need to leave now.” Haruo straightened his suit jacket, slightly bowed, and said, “Until we see each other again.” On their way toward the door, Haruo said, “Let’s go out through the back.” They shifted direction and went from back, and through the kitchen. “So, the old man found out, didn’t he?” Haruo said. “I guess I didn’t get as deep into her head as I thought. She was a resilient little bitch.” Tamotsu did not answer. Haruo looked at him and said, “Relax, we are gonna be fine.” “Yes, I know, but remember we are talking about the dragon,” Tamotsu replied, still looking around. “Yeah, who taught me everything I know, as well. If you do exactly what I told you, the two of us — I can guarantee — will survive the rest of these guys. It’s an honor for them to give their lives protecting me.” “As it would be for me,” Tamotsu interjected. “Yes, yes, I know, my warrior-minded friend. Die in battle or combat, la la la. It’s all wonderful and good, but you are still dead, and that is something I cannot afford to happen right now. Serve me well, and you’ll get your chance — I promise you that. Where is the fucking car?” Haruo asked Tamotsu through his teeth. “It’s coming. It’s right there,” as the car pulled up, and came to a halt. Tamotsu stepped forward to lead as he always did, but this time Haruo held out his arm and allowed the other guards to pass. He whispered to Tamotsu saying, “Wait, he’s already here.” One of the guards opened the door for Haruo, placing his hand on the door. His fingers exploded as if he were hit with a sledgehammer. He fell to his knees, screaming in pain. Then they heard the steady pank pank pank of small subsonic projectiles hitting the passenger side door. A few of them made it inside the cabin and bounced around the bullet-proof glass, one lodging itself in the temple of the driver, sending his brain and parts of his ear against the window. Haruo just made a face, and said silently to himself, eww, I wonder if it hurt? But he just stood there and did not move. One of his men ran to open the door back to the club, and he went down, body falling like a noodle. The only noise he made was a thud. They were in a bind: they couldn’t get into the car; they couldn’t go back into the club; so all they did was surround Haruo, and draw their swords. Kazuhiro approached the group, every man ready for the attack. He held up his arm, and pointed it at Haruo, and as trained and practiced many times, his remaining men began to move around him, creating a blur of human bodies to make it difficult for their boss to get hit. But Kazuhiro had no plans on shooting the young punk. He did intend on increasing his odds. Running up to a group of 12 men with just a sword, and kicking everyone’s ass is something you see in movies or read in cheesy fiction books. This was real, and Kazuhiro understood that anything could happen, and nothing was going to get in the way of his cutting that little punk's heart out. Calm down, he said to himself. Just let it happen. He pulled the trigger three more times hitting two of the guards in the head. One dropped to his knees, and just looked at his hands before he fell over. The other just walked straight and didn’t stop until he bumped into the wall of the club. He fell over, but his legs kept kicking. Haruo cursed because he had gotten blood and bits of brain on his jacket, thinking to himself, this is never going to come out. Kazuhiro threw down his weapon and lifted his sword. Haruo looked at Tamotsu and said, “Now!” But Tamotsu ran away in the opposite direction. Haruo yelled out, “Where the hell are you going?” The remaining men ran for Kazuhiro, swords drawn. They were very well trained; however, they spent most of their time fighting and practicing with bamboo sticks. This was the real thing, and they were fighting one of the best swordsmen in all of Japan. Kazuhiro knew the ins and out of how this could end. He knew it, he designed it. Kazuhiro realized he couldn’t kill any more of them, but no one said anything about maiming. He deflected a blow from one sword, cutting off one of the men's hands, then taking a piece out of his bicep. The young man let out a blood-curdling scream and dropped his sword, gripping his arm. That’s one, Kazuhiro said to himself. In the same fluid motion, he dropped to one knee, using his sword to take out the femoral artery of another. That makes two. He blocked a blow going directly for his head, sliding himself forward. He grabbed the hand of the guard and passed his blade over the stomach, making sure not to cut too deep, but he separated the bottom half of the young man’s blazer from the top. He flipped him over and while still in the air, Kazuhiro stood up and slammed the handle of the sword into the back of the man’s neck, between the skull and shoulder blade. He won’t be walking for quite some time. Three. Two men swung at the same time. Kazuhiro blocked one blow and stepped behind the man attempting the other. “Flow like a leaf. Stay focused on what you want,” he said to himself, and he swung his blade downward, cutting both of the man’s Achilles tendons. The man dropped to his knees, screaming in pain, still moving from the momentum of the last cut. Kazuhiro slid the sword into the second man’s shoulder purposely missing his lung. He won’t be able to use that for a month. Four and Five. They should be a bit more hesitant now, but who knows? Kazuhiro forgot how much he enjoyed this: no past, no future, just present. He loved how his body just flowed, even at this age. One moment, one chance, one lifetime. No one else came at him. The whole ordeal took no longer than 45 seconds. He was surrounded by blood and the screaming and wailing of grown men. The reality of it all is that unless you kill a man or he is in shock, very seldom does anyone suffer in silence when you cause them enough pain. Kazuhiro flicked his sword, and for the first time now put both hands on the handle of his blade. He used his peripheral vision and ears to check his six. Haruo still stood there. The two remaining guards stood by him, swords over their heads and ready. Haruo wanted to speak, but everything was happening way too fast, and he didn’t want to lose his window of opportunity with words. The remaining two men came at Kazuhiro, splitting apart — one taking the left side, the other right. Kazuhiro ran past both of them, heading straight for Haruo’s raised sword. He intended to cut him in half from his clavicle straight through the left lung, dividing his heart, and severing his spinal column. The boy would be dead before the cut was complete, but Kazuhiro just wanted to watch it all, having the satisfaction of seeing this little shit bleed all over the pavement. Haruo just stood there and watched this man, 12 feet, this killer, the Dragon, 10 feet, come at him with a speed, 8 feet, and force he had never seen before. It was beautiful: the grace, his footing, the total focus, how he swung his blade. And every block was an attack, and every attack just led to the next move. It was real poetry in motion, 7 feet. Haruo reached up and pulled the sunglasses down his face, and rested them on the bridge of his nose. Then pop! A flash of light hit Kazuhiro’s eyes, blinding him completely. “Ouch,” he thought, but it didn’t matter. He knew where his target was. His mind willed the sword down, expecting to feel the blade hit solid, but instead, his body could not move. Kazuhiro was stuck, frozen, the sword above his head, one foot behind the other, but he could not move. His body vibrated violently as the voltage from a stun gun pulsed through every fiber of his body. Haruo wasted no time. He drew his baton, flipped it out, and hit Kazuhiro on the wrist, then his chest, stomach, and back of the legs. The Taser pulse stopped, and Kazuhiro dropped to his knees, sword falling to the ground. Haruo hit him in the back of the head, and Kazuhiro saw stars. Contrary to popular belief, people do not always black out when hit like that. However, the pain is so intense that movement becomes extremely difficult, and that’s all the other person needs to finish you off, and Haruo did just that. He put Kazuhiro’s arms behind him, zip-tied his wrist and his ankles, then he and Tamotsu picked him up and threw him in the back seat of the car. Haruo looked at Tamotsu and said, “See?” as he took a deep breath. “I told you it would work.” Tamotsu looked around at all the men lying, and moaning all over the ground. “Yeah,” he said. “I wonder what this would look like if it didn’t work out?” Chapter 8: It Seems We Are at a Crossroad azuhiro just lay in the back seat. His head felt like it was about to split open into two, and every muscle in his body felt like he overdid it at the gym. He could feel his body crying for help. He could hear Haruo and Tamotsu speaking, but he couldn’t make out what they were saying. He knew they would be on the phone for a while managing clean-up, calling in favors, and figuring out who was going to handle what, when it came to media and public opinion. He knew his name would never come up, even with something this bad. No one could afford to mention it. K There were a lot of people who owed him favors, and he had enough information on most of them to put them away for a lifetime or have them disbarred, and some of them a little bit of both. He kept thinking of his daughter lying in the hospital bed, with cuts on her arms, calling out Haruo’s name. He closed his eyes and rolled over on the leather seats. Now all he had to do was wait. He didn’t get his chance at the club; however, he was still alive, which meant there would be another time. In the old days, he would be ready to take his own life, but he kept seeing images of his daughter and his beautiful wife. He realized how much traveling had changed him, and how much being married to the woman he loved transformed his thoughts into something more, something deeper and calmer. He rode around in the backseat of the car for what felt like a good 45 minutes. Then Haruo leaned over the passenger’s seat and poked him with the sheathed end of his sword. “Hey,” he said, poking him with every word. “Are you awake back there, hellooo?” Poke poke poke. Kazuhiro just opened his eyes, slowly turned his head, and looked at Haruo. “Oh yeah, he’s awake. What happened to the big bad dragon now? You know for the longest time, I looked up to you. Thought you were the coolest thing ever. But you changed, Teach—,” he paused. “I can’t even finish that word. You are nothing to me anymore. All that talks about honor and the nation bringing Japan higher than it has ever been. How do you plan on doing that with your family and the polluted bloodline?” “You don’t get it, do you?” Kazuhiro finally spoke. “Oh wait, he speaks,” Haruo said. “What do I not get? That out of all the beautiful Japanese women, you had to pick one that was not even Japanese? What was so wrong with my cousin, huh? She loved you, and when she found out you were getting married to someone else, she jumped out of her window, Kazuhiro, her own damn window! The worst part of it is she fell in front of a truck, which dragged her for a block before the driver stopped. She was gorgeous, but once they pulled her from under that truck, the only way we could identify the body was from her tattoos, Kazuhiro!” Then he yelled out, “The tattoos! You did that to her. You did it over for some half-mixed whore from another country.” Kazuhiro turns his eyes to Haruo. “Oh yeah, you don’t like that, do you? By the way, your little half- baked plan trying to gain lost honor, and regain the power of the Tokugawa name, well, you just fucked that up tonight. I knew there was no way I could stop you. You had a fool-proof plan — brilliant, actually. I needed to have what was inside you come out, and I had no way of doing that until I saw your pretty little Okami. Then it all made sense to me and tada!” he said in a sarcastic voice and here you are!” Tamotsu said, “We are here.” “Oh well, we are here. My father is going to love to see you.” Kazuhiro turned his head and looked up at the ceiling. Haruo hit him with the scabbard end of the sword. “Hey! I’m talking to you!” Kazuhiro just turned his head slowly, looked at the boy, and then returned his gaze to the ceiling. The car drove through a guarded gate and pulled around the back to the loading dock. Tamotsu and Haruo got out, and opened the passenger’s side door, pulling Kazuhiro out. They carried him up the stairs, and into the loading elevator where a few men were waiting. They laid him on the elevator floor. Tamotsu put his card in front of the reader and hit the button for the top floor. Satoshi sat behind the nurses’ station wearing scrubs, and a doctor’s lab coat, with his legs up on the desk, and reading a magazine. He would say wisecracks from time to time and make the nurses in the station laugh. Ayako stuck her head out of the hospital door. Satoshi lifted his head and said, “Hey Mrs. T, you ok? Need anything?” Ayako grinned and shook her head. “No, not really. How is everything out here for you?” “It’s all quiet for now. I’m just talking with the ladies. They are keeping me entertained and sane.” Ayako rolled her eyes and said, “I see.” Shaking her head, she added, “Aren’t you a bit old to still be so juvenile, Satoshi?” “Hell no, Mrs. T! I’ll never be that old.” Then he turned to a nurse and winked. She giggled. “See? They keep me young.” Ayako just shook her head and stuck it back into the doorway. She turned to look at her daughter and practically tripped over one of the guards in her room. She playfully backhanded the young man in his chest, and whispered, “You don’t have to follow me so close. The room is only so big.” If she had to be stuffed in this room, she figured she might as well make it fun. That was the only want to keep her heart from sinking every minute. She walked over to her daughter’s bed. Okami was still sound asleep, unaware of the events that had taken place. A nurse sat by her bed, just in case she needed any medication. “My sweet child, we are going to make this right,” she whispered. “Even if I have to do it al by myself, we are going to get past this. I promise you.” Kazuhiro now sat on the floor of his oyabun, or big boss, his hands still zip-tied behind him. He was in the main room. Tatami mats covered the floor. Well-decorated columns stood in steady rows, going straight up the room, and stopping at the stage where a small table sat on a large pedestal. Kazuhiro sat with his head down, not in sorrow but in concentration. He needed to keep his mind clear. He could not let it get to him. Haruo knelt on the other side of the room, facing the stage quietly, waiting for his father’s presence. The doors on the side of the stage opened, and two men stepped out and knelt on either side of the door. Katashi Ishikawa stepped out, walked to his pedestal, and kneeled, followed by his two bodyguards, who knelt on either side of him. Katashi pulled the desk up close to him, and read the paperwork that was placed before his stepping up to his place. He looked down with no movement. After a few moments, he looked up, his face void of expression. Looking straight at Kazuhiro, Katashi in a low deep but firm voice said, “Take those off him.” One of the guards sitting next to Kazuhiro pulled out his knife and cut the zip ties off of his wrist, then cautiously scooted his body diagonally behind him. “This is unexpected, unacceptable,” Katashi continued. “You come into my house. I treat you like a son. You know that. I have known you for many years. You have been a part of this family for quite some time.” Then he raised his voice, saying, “And now you want to take something from me that’s mine because of some misunderstanding! Tokugawa Kazuhiro,” he says “ You have dishonored yourself, this family, and me. I don’t give a shit what you think my son might have done. You should have come to me right away. But instead, you decided to take matters into your own hands, as if you are the boss. I want to see you dead either by your hands or mine, but preferably my own. Unfortunately, you have weaseled your way into every deep pocket this clan has. I can’t kill you, nor can I allow you to kill yourself — even though seppuku would be a more honorable death for you.” He continued, “It would be a delight watching you spill your guts all over this floor, and I would not take your head, either. However, as I said, if something happens to you, then something happens to my bank account, and as much as I hate to admit this, business is always over family, so it seems we are at a crossroads.” Haruo tensed and motioned to speak. His father looked at him and then nodded his head. He looked at Tamotsu. Tamotsu reached into his pocket and hit “Send” on his phone. His bodyguard just sat there. Haruo slightly grinned, then spoke. “Father, if he must live, someone must die. He took many lives tonight, and it is only fair that retribution is given.” Then Haruo returned to his place. “Did you make it happen?” he mouthed to Tamotsu. Tamotsu nodded, and mumbled, “Yes, Sir.”. Katashi added, “I understand your concerns. However, nothing must happen to Kazuhiro at this time.” While sitting behind the nurses’ station, Satoshi came to life and said, “Ok people, it’s, umm, it’s….” He paused, snapping his fingers on both hands. “What the hell do you say at a time like this?” One of the nurses passed by him giggling and said, “How ‘bout it’s going time?’” as she passed. He looked at her, then down her well-crafted body and sexy long legs. “God, those calves!” he said out loud. He lit up and said, “I like it! Ok people, it’s GOTIME!” There was a brief pause, and then business as usual. Satoshi looked around, and just marveled at his work. For the untrained and even trained eyes, this floor looked like a regular ward doing business as usual. He would pat himself on the back, but then that would be way too arrogant. Note to self, he thought, I need to get nurse sexy legs to pat me on the back for my brilliance. He smiled, smoothed out his white lab coat, slid his mock glasses on his head down over his eyes, sat on the chair behind the nurses’ station, propped his feet up on the desk, and said, “And now we wait.” Kazuhiro sat at a table with a tray in front of him, his hands on his thighs, looking straight ahead. Katashi looked up from his desk once again and said, “Well, I can’t kill you, but you will give me an apology.” Kazuhiro looked at the big boss and said, “Katashi, you have known me for some time now. I have always had a reason for my actions. My movements against your son have been warranted. It does not matter—” Katashi raised his voice. “You did not come to me,” he said through tightly clenched teeth. Kazuhiro knew that this would be a useless conversation and that he was receiving what he had planned, but the only thing he was concerned about now was the protection of his family. If he pursued any further retribution, his wife and daughter would have trouble staying alive and well taken care of. It was one thing, protecting them from one overzealous and ambitious little boy, but they could not defend themselves against all of Tokyo. He would get his chance; all he had to do was wait, even if it meant, for now, appearing as if he were submitting to whatever demands were given to him. Judging by how cool Haruo looked, he pretty much assumed that Satoshi had his hands full. He could not have chosen a better person to be by his side. He had made up for saving his life countless times, yet he still stayed around. The debt that was owed was no longer on Satoshi but on Kazuhiro, and if granted a longer life, he knew that he would never be able to repay Satoshi for what he expected was about to happen tonight. The seven sat in the tightly cramped van, carrying lab coats, badges, and stethoscopes. The lead thug said, “Here is what they look like,” and passed a digital notepad around with the pictures of Ayako and Okami. “Good God,” one of them said, “What a waste — mom is hot! I wouldn’t mind stabbing her for fun.” “Shut up, gimpy,” one of them said. “You need a penis pump to pee. You wouldn’t know what to do with a real woman like that.” They all laughed and the leader said, “Yeah, not to mention your short ass would need a ladder just to get to it. Ok guys, team one: you hit the stairs; team two: you are going through the elevator. Let’s do this quickly, in and out 20 minutes max. You have 7 minutes to get to your positions. We move in 10 minutes exactly. Watches set!” he commanded as he looked down at his watch, then said, “Now.” The van doors opened and they poured out of the vehicle, one team going up the stairs, the other through the doors of the hospital straight for the elevator. Toru entered the elevator. These two must be extremely important, he thought. He had never been paid so much for such an easy job. He had done a lot more for less. He had never been able to do anything else as well as he did this. He enjoyed the blood and the occasional screams, but most of all, he loved the money. This was a great business. It should be a crime to do so much of what he loved and get paid for it. Oh wait, it was a crime to do what he was about to do, but hell, he was still getting paid for it. As the elevator doors opened, he stepped out onto the ward floor, bringing with him a ‘Penis Pump.’ He never bothered remembering the name of anyone he worked with. If they died, it was best to forget them anyway, and if they lived, he had all the information he needed in his head transferred to a computer in a file, locked away for the next job. The two of them walked down the hall. Toru talked to him as if he were a new intern checking out the hospital. He looked around: so far, so good. Nurses and doctors darted this way and that. He walked over to the nurses’ station and said, “Yes, I would like to see the paperwork for Tokugawa Okami.” A medium-height doctor with black-framed glasses and broad shoulders took his feet off the desk and kicked himself over to the patient file area. “So you are the new doctor they were talking about coming over to check her out?” Toru looked at him trying to seem annoyed. “Yes, as if I don’t have enough to do with the patients I already have. But they want me to show this rookie around, so a doctor’s work is never done.” “Oh cool, I remember those times,” the black frame-wearing doctor replied, still having not handed over the paperwork. “Yeah, I’m sure you do. Hey, not to be rude,” Toru says, “but I need to get going. I have a lot of ground to cover and I’m just getting started.” “Oh, oh, yeah, sure,” the other doctor said, handing it to him and then pulling away to say something else. “You know what? How ‘bout I go with you? I would love to walk down memory lane when it comes to briefing interns.” Toru looked at the man and the kid said, “Sure, that would be great. The more people I have around me, the better I know.” Toru looked around and saw that everyone was gone. It was very quiet, but sometimes hospital floors got that way. He had done enough of these jobs in hospitals to know this. Not only that, but if anything were going down, this dummy doctor here would make for a great distraction. Satoshi handed Bozo one of the files and said, “This is awesome! I get to hang out with you guys on a walk along, like in the hospital movies. So tell me, how long have you been a doctor here at the hospital?” Satoshi puts his hands in his lab coat pocket. “Well, not that long. As I said, I just got here.” “Oh yeah, that’s right, that’s right,” Satoshi said. “Forgive me, I get so carried away with meeting new people, I forget half the things they tell me.” The two men looked at each other and approached the door. Toru opened the door and reached up, and put his arm around the shoulders of the stocky doctor, while Penis Pump pulled out his knife to stab him in his gut. However, something was not going right. The doctor seemed to not be there when he went to stab him, Toru was gripping him under the arm, and he was bleeding profusely. The young man turned to look for the missing doctor and met face-to-face with him, just as Satoshi said, “Funny how that happens.” As he ran the blade of his Karambit along the young man’s abdomen. Then he rode the blade up the side of his ribs, and severed his brachial artery under his arm while saying, “You come in for a quick execution, and then some random guy comes in and fucks it all up for you.” The pain for the young man was so excruciating, he could no longer stay on his feet. Penis Pump fell forward, and Satoshi used the young man’s body weight to allow his blade to enter his throat. Satoshi's arm was far enough over to where he was able to get the carotid on both sides, including his windpipe. The young man gurgled, and Satoshi let him fall to the floor. Then he stepped to the side, and took the blade of his Karambit, turning it down and saying, “Don’t worry, I have not forgotten about you.” Then he quickly inserted it, right above Toru’s clavicle, turning his palm up. This move broke the clavicle, rendering the arm on that side useless. “I can’t have you trying to kill me,” said Satoshi as he dropped to his knees and cut Toru's Achilles tendons. “Thought I would invite you to stick around for a bit.” Then he pulled the two men inside the hospital room and shut the door. One of the nurses passed by and dropped a nice amount of absorbent pads over the pool of blood while the janitor finished the job, making the blood no more. “Ok,” Satoshi said, “We don’t have a lot of time. How many of you are there? We got Asian Bieber over here,” Satoshi pointed at the dead young man with his knife hand. “Hmm, let’s see, you don’t do your homework. You get men younger than you to work with. You are violent, but not smart, so I am assuming I can expect five more, right?” Toru looked away. “Ha! I knew it!” Satoshi excitedly whispered. “Ok, well, I’ll let ya get back to dying.” He did not need to keep the attempted murderer around. Satoshi could tell when a person was lying and could read people. He got everything he needed from just a look. So he no longer had any use for him. He inserted the blade underneath Toru’s sternum and pressed in, piercing two quadrants of his heart. He knew it had to hurt; he hoped it did. As he walked away, and the man bled out into his diaphragm, Satoshi said, “You tried to kill my family. He turned and looked at the man, and just shook his head. “Your type is always so ready to kill, but you have no idea how to die.” He spent a millisecond watching Toru die on the floor, then Satoshi turned off the lights, and shut the door. He motioned to the team and held up five fingers. Some moved toward the stairs; others headed for the elevator. Satoshi opened the door to Okami’s hospital room and looked in at Ayako. He nodded his head, and she nodded back. He closed the door and then stood in the middle of the hall. He looked at his watch and said, “5, 4, 3, 2,2,2,2.” The elevator dinged and then the doors to the stairwell flew open. Two men got tossed through, another being carried. By the way, his body moved, Satoshi figured he was dead or close to it. The elevator doors opened and Nurse Sexy Legs kicked the other two through the door, handcuffed, and stumbling into the wall. Oh yes, she most definitely was going to pat him on the back for being so incredible. Annnnnnd 1!!! Right on time, Satoshi thought as he looked at his watch. He loved it when his plans worked out well. The five thugs were placed on the floor. Well, four of them were; the fifth kind of just flopped there. Satoshi’s people got them on their knees, standing behind them. He started to speak to them when the hospital door to Okami’s room slowly opened and Ayako stepped out. Satoshi looked at her and said, “Heeyyyy, Mrs. T, Ummm, we are in the middle of some clean-up.” “Yeah, I can see that Satoshi. My husband is on a one-way trip to honor my daughter, who is in a hospital bed because someone my husband is about to kill put her there. Now we have five men on a hospital floor who were sent here to take us both out. I think I can handle what I know you are about to do.” Satoshi held up his finger in protest and then his body relaxed in defeat. “Ok you got it,” he said. “Well, stand here.” Satoshi turned to the men and said, “Hello, gentlemen! I’m sure you are wondering why I called you here today. Well, you have been selected — oh, the hell with it.” Satoshi looked at their faces. “They are not going to talk,” Ayako said, then she walked over to one of the men and reached into the jacket of one of Satoshi’s men standing behind him, and pulled out a short sword called a katana. She looked over at Satoshi and said, “See, you have four men.” She unsheathed the sword and thrust it straight down through the inside of his shoulder, piercing the aortic arch of his heart. He took a deep breath and then fell face first on the floor as the life drained from his body. “Now you have three, that will be a hell of a lot more cooperative.” The three men looked at each other and spilled their guts. Satoshi wrote down everything. Mrs. Tokugawa sat down and took it all in. After about 20 minutes of questions, with answers that encouraged more questions, Satoshi said, “Well, that’s all I need to know. Thank you for your cooperation gentlemen. He nodded and his people standing behind the three men reached into their lab coats, inserted a needle into their necks, and then walked away. The three men convulsed and fell to the floor, violently shaking, then going silent. “Ahh, yes — the grand finale,” Satoshi said aloud, not really to anyone. He walked over to one of the bodies as he headed for the nurses’ station, Ayako right behind him. “So, how are you gonna get rid of them?” she asked. “We are in a hospital, Mrs. T. This is the land of dead bodies,” Satoshi answered, as the people working around them opened up body bags and started stuffing the men inside. He continued, “See, with the right timing, some excellent paperwork, and a whole bunch of body bags, clean-up is easy. Most people in hospitals are overworked, even in Japan. A hospital is a place where people just don't pay attention to everything.” Satoshi looked at Nurse Sexy Legs holding a body bag under her arm and said, “Please don’t forget about the two in the other room, Hun.” She nodded her head and grinned at him, as she headed to the room. She opened the door and walked in, but not before giving him one last glance and blushing. He smiled. Ayako rolled her eyes. “Oh my God,” she said. “Really, Satoshi?” He looked at her and whined, “What?” Then he held up a cup and said, “Tea?” Haruo looked over at Tamotsu. His bodyguard looked up at him and just shook his head. Kazuhiro glanced over at Haruo and saw him make a tight fist under the table. That is the reaction he was looking for. His family was ok— he knew that now. Haruo would not be all stressed out if they were not. Time for phase 3, he thought. Kazuhiro looked up and cleared his throat. I am going to get a reaction if I am correct. Then he spoke. “Katashi, there is no need to keep me here. I will stay away from your family as long as your family promises to stay away from mine.” Haruo slammed his hand on the desk and growled, “This is an outrage, father! He tried to kill me for no apparent reason, and you are going to just let him go?” “Be quiet,” Katashi said. “You are my son, but this is still my clan, and you will respect that regardless of how you may feel. What I say is the law!” He slammed his fist down on the table in front of him. Good, Kazuhiro thought, it’s now personal. Katashi looked back at Kazuhiro and said, “Your family will be safe from mine.” Then he glared at his son. “As long as I live, you will honor this arrangement.” He waved his hand in the air and the sliding double doors in the rear of the room opened. A man walked briskly up the aisle, holding a tray in his hands. He placed that tray in front of Kazuhiro. Placed neatly on it was a twine of string, a katana, and two white handkerchiefs. Kazuhiro ceremoniously removed the objects from the tray and placed them on the table in front of him. He was preparing to perform yubitsume or finger shortening. Kazuhiro took off his jacket, folded it, and neatly placed it on the floor. He adjusted himself on the cushions, pulled up his sleeve, and set his hand down on the table. The ceremony involved cutting the first digit of the finger off in apology or to seal an agreement. But Kazuhiro did something different. He took the string and tied it around his arm like a tourniquet. He put the blade at the base of his little finger and first cut the flesh to the bone circling the finger. Then he turned his hand upside down and lifted the knife and in a cleaver motion split through the bone. Unflinching, he took the amputated finger, wrapped it inside the white handkerchief, and placed it on the tray. The man walked over to Katashi, who was unable to hide the surprise on his face. He took his entire finger off without as much as a flinch. He then watched Kazuhiro take out his lighter, strike it, and place the stub of his finger over the flame, cauterizing the wound. Smoke rose from his hand, and the smell of burnt hair and flesh filled the room. When he was finished, he untied the string around his arm, set everything on the table, put his jacket back on, and said nothing. Katashi knew that he was dealing with a man far more powerful than himself. There was no way the two of them could exist in the same state, let alone the same city. He had to get rid of Kazuhiro, but frankly, the man scared him — not to mention all the trouble he would have to deal with if he died tonight. The clan might not recover, and with Katashi’s plans on expanding he could not afford a war. Katashi looked at Kazuhiro for a moment then said, “I can’t kill you, but I don’t have to keep you here in Tokyo. Your daughter is in the hospital, and this I understand. You have one week to leave this country. I am sending you to America. There you will live out your years, and never return to Japan, for if you do, the agreement we have will no longer remain, which means you and your family will be mine to decide how fate deals with you. Your men are mine; your house is mine; you leave here with only the things you can pack. These are my words, and they are final.” Katashi got up and left the room. Haruo, Tamotsu, and Kazuhiro bowed. Kazuhiro stood and walked toward the door. He stopped and looked over his shoulder at Haruo, then said, “What you have meant for destruction, I have taken and sealed your fate with it.” Haruo laughed out loud as Kazuhiro turned, and walked out the doors. They slide shut behind him. Haruo looked at Tamotsu and said, “What the fuck just happened? Did he just walk out of here still alive, and did you see how he separated his finger? I have never seen anything like that before.” He paused for a moment and said, “What happened with your end? I was expecting any moment for you to tell me that those two were dead, and you gave me nothing!” Tamotsu looked over at him and said, “I’m just as shocked as you are. I used the best we could afford, a five-year history of success, and I got nothing: no call, no text, no messenger pigeon, nothing. It seems that the old man is more resourceful than we imagined. Maybe he is not as weak as we thought.” “No, Tamotsu! You thought you thought!” Haruo turned up the volume on his voice just a bit. “I don’t have to think; I know that old man better than anyone, and I will not make the same mistake again. You failed me, Tamotsu, but it is not your fault this time. I kept you in the dark for most of this operation. The failure is mine.” Then he paused, looked at him, and added, “This time, I know why my father sent Kazuhiro to the States. He is hoping that what he cannot do here, the clans can do there. But my father is a weak man, and he underestimates Kazuhiro.” Haruo continued in a calm, contemplative voice. “Nonetheless, he is out of the way, and that is all I wanted, so now we can continue with what I have started. We will see him again, you can bet on it.” He grinned, took a sip of his tea, then said, “I’m counting on it.” Chapter 9: The Lily Chooses Full Bloom azuhiro stepped out into the night. He looked up at the stars. The Tokyo air was cool and stuffy. The smells of the city hit his nostrils, and they brought back a sense of nostalgia. He looked at his hands. The missing digit on his left one would be a constant reminder of what he needed to do. So much about him had changed. If you told him 15 years ago that he would have sacrificed honor over love, the thought of it would have made him sick to his stomach. Kazuhiro was a man of few words and a book of action. The name ‘Dragon’ was given to him by those who K were afraid of or needed his intervention. Very few men have ever been able to do what he did. He was the counselor and the killer of the clan. But that was a story for a different time. He was ready to get home. He was uncertain of what would be waiting for him when he got there, but he had this undeniable urge to go home. He lifted his hand to hail a taxi. It felt strange to do so. He had not had to hail a taxi in quite some time. This, too, brought back memories. As he opened the door, he looked at the city’s skyline knowing that this would be the last look he would ever have of his city. He stepped into the cab, closed the door, and gave the driver his destination. Ayako stroked her daughter’s head. She looked up at Satoshi and said, “Thank you for escorting us from the hospital.” “No prob Mrs. T. You are my responsibility now.” She looked over at him and asked, “Have you heard anything yet?” Satoshi’s face became solemn, and he shook his head “No.” “However, your husband is extremely resourceful. If he is to be no more, I can assure you that he was successful in his task.” “I am certain of that as well, Satoshi, but a wife’s love for her husband transcends any code of honor he may have. We let our husbands go out into battle not because we want them to, but because we understand that if we fail to support them in doing so, we are left with a shell of a man not worthy of being a husband. So we ignore our fears to aid them in their journey. But truth be told, Satoshi, I would love to have my husband by my side right now and, if I could, never let him go.” Satoshi just listened; he had nothing to say. He considered that this was a grieving woman, and besides none of what she said was foolish. Hell, he could even use that himself. They were interrupted by a voice behind them. “Excuse me, Mrs. Tokugawa. I need to check on your daughter, and make sure that everything is well with her.” It was Nurse Sexy Legs, who had agreed to come to the house and assist in taking care of Okami. But Satoshi knew why she said yes, and he could not wait to thank her for being so selfless. The two of them scooted aside, and let her work. Then Satoshi pushed Ayako against the wall and held up his finger to his lips. Nurse Sexy Legs drew her weapon, and the two of them ran into the hallway and posted themselves on either side of the stairway. The lock clicked, the handle turned, and the door slowly opened. The light from Okami’s room only silhouetted the intruder but he could tell that walk, and stance anywhere. Satoshi turned on the lights and looked down toward the door and then said, “Holy shit, it’s you!!! What the fuck are you doing here?” Satoshi asked in amazement more than disappointment. “This is my house. I’m supposed to be here.” Ayako heard her husband’s voice and stood up from her daughter's bedside. She quickly walked to the door, peered down over the banister, and saw her husband standing at the front door. She was so excited, she felt as if every problem she had was sucked out of her, and all she felt was light. She forgot all about her poise, and being a strong woman, and yelled out his name. “Kazi!” she shouted and bolted down the stairs. He stepped toward her, but before he could even put his foot on the first step Ayako leaped the rest of the way, landing in his arms and knocking Kazuhiro back into the wall. Ayako kissed all over his face and neck, tears running from her eyes. “How” kiss, kiss, kiss, “Did you” followed by more kisses “Make it back?” She felt like that university girl once again, and all she wanted to do was hold on to him, and never let him go. She couldn’t stop kissing his face, her legs wrapped around him, her arms squeezing his neck. Kazuhiro laughed and said, “Ok, ok, I’m happy to see you, too.” But it was more than that. This feeling he felt was like no other, and he hoped she would never let him go. He forgot all about the exploits of earlier. He was glad that his family was ok. He looked up and saw his good friend, now brother, Satoshi, with his arm wrapped around some young girl in black slacks, combat boots, and a tight-fitting shirt, with a stethoscope around her neck. Kazuhiro smiled, and just shook his head looking back down at his wife. She was so beautiful. He could tell that the stress of the past few weeks had aged her, but she never looked so lovely. She leaned in, and kissed him hard, putting both of her hands on his face. She opened her mouth, tasting his lips, closing her lips around his, and sticking her tongue in his mouth. He could smell the sweet scent from her breath and taste her tongue mixed with salty tears. He knew he was truly loved, and he knew that she would follow him anywhere. That was a good thing because it was all coming back to him now, and for the first time since he walked through the door, he felt the pain. He winched under Ayako’s weight, and she noticed it and stopped kissing him, looking at him with concerned eyes. “Are you ok? she asked, as she unwrapped her legs from around him, and placed her feet on the floor. She looked her husband over, looking at his face, then neck, then shoulders. She pulled his hands up and gasped, only to regain her composure. She looked at him and said, “Come, let’s get you cleaned up,” and walked him into the kitchen. He heard a very faint voice saying, “Dad?” Kazuhiro looked at his wife, then turned to go up the stairs, passing Satoshi, and went through his daughter’s doorway into her room. He walked over to her bed and embraced her. She hugged him back and said, “You are hugging me like you were never going to see me again.” He just put his chin over his daughter’s shoulder, held her, and said, “For a moment, I really thought I wouldn’t.” She held him for a few moments longer and then drifted back to sleep. She must still be weak from all the blood she lost from yesterday’s event, Kazuhiro thought. He stood up and tucked his daughter in. As he turned, he saw the three standing at the doorway, just looking at him. He walked past them and headed downstairs. Ayako and Satoshi followed leaving Nurse Sexy Legs to watch over Okami. Kazuhiro sat on the floor in front of the table and Satoshi sat on the opposite side. Ayako went to the kitchen to prepare some tea, and also get bandages and proper dressing for her husband’s hand. “So, what the hell happened, boss?” Satoshi asked in amazement. “Well, first, let’s talk about you. How did the hospital go?” Satoshi told Kazuhiro about the hospital and what they had discovered. “So Haruo was behind it all?” “Yes,” Satoshi said. “I figured as much. He was always ambitious, even as a child, but was always unable to see both sides of a situation.” “Well, it was all taken care of,” Satoshi said in a reassuring voice. Kazuhiro looked at his good friend. “You know, this would not have been possible, had it not been for you. I feel, my old friend, that the tables have turned, and that I am the one who is now in your debt.” “Oh, bullshit,” Satoshi said. “I did that for fun. Hanging with you, old man keeps me young.” Ayako placed three cups, and a bottle of sake on the table. Satoshi laughed and said, “Here is to a lifelong friendship!” He filled the three cups to the rim. The three drank and the cups were filled once again. Ayako took her husband’s hand and gently, reverently began to take off the makeshift bandages. She exposed the half-burnt bloody nub and proceeded to clean it. Kazuhiro’s lips tightened. Satoshi talked to him in an attempt to distract him from the pain. “So, what all did you have to agree to for that—” pointing at Kazuhiro’s hand, “To be enough for you to stand down?” Kazuhiro looked at his friend and said, “I realized that my death would not stop them from coming after my family. Even though I would die for both of them, and I am more than certain that they would be in good hands, it is my responsibility to take care of my family, so I had to make some choices. Haruo made it a bit easier because once his plan in the hospital did not work out as he planned, he lost his composure — which forced his father to do something that he did not want to do. He had to maintain his authority, but I am sure that if we remain in Tokyo, he will find a way to kill the three of us. He is blinded by his son’s charm, and cannot see that he is guilty of such an act, or he does see it, and it still has no effect on how he sees his son. One way or the other, we are not safe here in Tokyo.” “So, where are we going to go?” Ayako asked. Kazuhiro looked up and said, “America.” “America??!!” Ayako blurted out. “Why there?” “This is where I am being sent. Per my agreement with Katashi. I agreed to go to America and proceed with my work there, and he spares my family’s life and keeps his family away from mine.” Satoshi exhaled all his air and slumped on the cushions. “Wow! That’s a lot to process.” Ayako asked, “Do you know who we are going to meet? What part of America are we going to, and when do we need to leave?” “We leave in one week. As for the other questions, right now, I am unsure of the answers.” They sat and discussed for a few hours what was going to happen and what their plans were. Finally, Satoshi said, “Well, that settles it: you are going to America. With that being said, I will bid you two goodnight. I have not slept for quite some time, and there is a woman upstairs just dying to tell me how incredible I am with some soap and a sponge. I really don’t want to keep her waiting for that. It is so not fair keeping her away from all this for so long,” as he pointed at his body, and flexed his arms. Ayako rolled her eyes and said, “Oh, brother,” then buried her face in her husband’s chest, one hand on his shoulder. Kazuhiro just laughed and said, “No problem, old friend, I will see you soon.” Satoshi said, “Well, given what you have told me, I can assume that you for the most part are safe for now. However, I added some new features to your security, and if anything out of the ordinary goes down, my phone will ring.” He disappeared around the corner, and then returned with his companion, her arm around his shoulder, his arm around her waist. “You two be safe, and, hopefully, the little squirt stays out long enough for the two of you to catch up. From the looks of things, you need to.” Ayako looked at Satoshi and said, “Goodbye, Satoshi.” He smiled, said, “Goodbye.” and walked out the door, closing it behind him, saying, “So, how do you feel about hot tubs? Unfortunately, it’s a special tub, so we can’t go in with clothes on.” She giggled and then the sounds of their voices became muffled, then silent, as they proceeded down the sidewalk. Ayako looked back at her husband and then at his hand. “Well, you’re all patched up.” She took his hand and lovingly looked at it, also admiring her work. “You went through a lot today, Kazi,” she said as she stroked his hand. “From what you tell me, your days were not any easier.” She looked down and then up at him. “Kazi,” she said with concern in her eyes. “Do you think we will be ok in America?” He returned her glance and answered, saying “Anywhere where we are together, we will be ok. No matter what we face or what we go through, as long as there are the three of us, we can and will make it through anything.” He took her in his arms, sitting her on his lap. He slowly moved in and kissed her lips. She opened up her mouth, and let his tongue caress her. Ayako breathed in deeply and wrapped her hands around his face. He pulled her in, and passionately kissed her lips, his hands on her face. He moved his hands down her back and grabbed her round, luscious ass. He pulled his mouth away from hers. The magnetic attraction he had to her skin was like no other. He could feel her body calling him. Aggressively, he started kissing and biting down her cheek, then her ear, tonguing her neck. Ayako grabbed him, placing her hands behind his head. She pulled one of her legs over, wrapping it snugly around him. She had not been touched like this by him in weeks, but to her, it felt like forever. She couldn’t stop herself, and she was glad. She wanted him, and she could feel how badly he needed her. Kazuhiro slipped his hands inside her top and grabbed her breasts. He squeezed them, letting out a low growl. Ayako let her head fall back and pushed her pelvis into his now-erect crotch. She could feel it, hard and throbbing through his pants, pressing her lips apart. She was dripping wet and could feel it being absorbed, seeping through her sweatpants. Kazuhiro slid his fingers around the lining of her smooth velvety sweat bottoms. Then he slipped his hand down inside, feeling the smooth skin of her perfectly groomed flower, rubbing his fingers over her now dripping-wet mound while playing with her clit. Ayako rolled her hips against his hand, her passion threatening her with the loss of control. She grabbed his hand, smiling and shaking her head no, saying, “Wait, Okami may wake up!” Kazuhiro wanted her, and the time it would take to go from the living room to the bedroom was just too long. But he knew his wife and did not need her to be concerned about distractions. Nothing was getting in his way. He wanted all of her. He stood up with her legs wrapped around him. A sharp pain seared through his arm from his hand. He stood her up on the floor, then bent down scooping her up in his arms, and carrying her like he did when she would fall asleep on the couch. Whispering in her ear, leaving no doubt of his intentions, he said, “I’m fucking you tonight!” He walked from the living room through the house to the bedroom, kissing and looking at his wife. Reaching the bedroom door, Ayako threw her hand out and slid the door open. Kazuhiro stepped through, sliding it shut with his foot. The bedroom was dim with just one light. The covers were still pulled back. His family had not been home since the hospital, but he planned to make Ayako forget about it all, at least for this moment, throwing his wife down on the bed, then slowly crawling above her. She rolled onto her side pinning his hand against the bed and her body. He flinched from the pain, and Ayako immediately responded with, “Oh, no, I’m so sorry,” reaching up around his neck, and quickly looking at his hand. He grabbed her by the back of her head, putting the thick, black, soft hair between his fingers, and pulling her head down to the pillow. “That’s not important,” he replied, spreading her legs apart with his weight. Ayako, with one hand behind her head, looked deeply into his eyes. He leaned down, and passionately kissed her again. He pulled her head back using her hair, kissing and biting on her neck, rubbing his nose over her body, and smelling the sweet aroma of her love. She smelled so good, he could just do that alone all night long, and she knew it. He turned her to the side, making sure he doesn’t hurt himself again, and untied the ribbon that held her wraparound top in place. As he did, her supple breasts fell out of her shirt. He placed both his hands on them. She could feel the warmth of his hands against her skin. She felt nipples firming, and wanted him to put his mouth on them. With his hands still holding her breasts, he kissed her again. Her skin was so soft — he enjoyed how his tongue glided across her skin, and how she would blush in areas when he kissed them. He kissed down the front of her neck, still holding her breast in his hands. Ayako allowed herself to speak and said, “Oh my God, you are making me tremble.” Kazuhiro opened his mouth, and gently breathed on her nipples, feeling her skin goosebump. He took his tongue and traced around her nipples. Ayako arched her back and breathed out, saying, “Please don’t tease me. You have no idea how long I have been waiting for this.” Without warning, he planted his mouth over her nipples, teasing them with his warm, wet tongue. “Suck harder!” she commanded and he did. Oh, God, she thought, if he keeps this up, Iwillcumbeforehim—She cried out “Oh God!” through her gritted teeth. “Bite ‘em!” she commanded and he complied. “Harder baby, bite me harder! I want to feel every part of you.” He closed his mouth, letting his teeth grip her right nipple, and then turned up the pressure. The pain was so sweet, Ayako cried out panting between breaths, saying, “Yes, oh God, yes!” She grabbed the back of his head, pressing his face into her breast. He felt her hands on his head asking him, begging him to devour her. He tongued her breast, and nipples moving from one to the other, back and forth he went. She could feel herself climbing, her breathing becoming shallow, as she rolled her hips against his body faster. Kazuhiro leaned up and grabbed the seam of her sweatpants, and pulled them down over her knees and past her feet, letting them fall to the floor. He took one of her legs, and placed it on his shoulder, riding his tongue down the inside of her thigh, and then placing his mouth on her throbbing wet pussy. Okami gasped and then sat up on her elbows. Kazuhiro placed the palm of his hand on her chest, and with sexual aggression, pushed her back down, opening his eyes and looking at her. He winked, then closed them again. His tongue moved up and down the crest of her vagina. She was so wet, he could feel the juices from her body slowly falling down the sides of his mouth. He could taste her and enjoyed the way her scent excited his nostrils and teased his tongue. He wanted her to want him. He wanted to take her body past the point where she could handle it, and then beyond. Ayako reached behind her, grabbing the pillows with her hands, turning her head, and biting the bedspread. She could feel herself building, getting closer and closer. She reached down, and grabbed the back of her husband’s head, pressing his face deeper into her while gently pulling his hair. She leaned up and watched him from between her breasts. His eyes closed, and his face moved up and down his nose, appearing and disappearing as if it were playing peekaboo with her breasts. She loved the way she felt watching him kissing her love mound. She had not been this wet in quite some time, and she could tell that he was lost in the moment with her, and all that existed was right now. She found herself scooting across the bed trying to escape from the feeling it was incredible. To just lie there, and not move would do the feeling no justice. Then he surprised her with his tongue still on her pearl, she felt his two fingers slide inside of her using the motion of come here hitting the top walls of her pelvis. It was more than she could stand. She lifted her hips off the bed, knees still bent, standing on her toes, the rest of her weight on her shoulders. Ayako grabbed the pillow and placed it over her mouth as she screamed, pouring out her love into her husband’s mouth. Kazuhiro grabbed her around her waist, and slowly let her down. Her body shaking, panting, and she was wet with sweat. She could feel the damp sheets touching her body, and they tugged at the animal inside of her. She popped up, and went for Kazuhiro’s pants, undoing the belt buckle and practically ripping them open, popping the button, and hearing the stress of the zipper. He had unleashed the monster, and there would be no end until she had been completely filled. She slid his pants off, welcomed by his throbbing member. There is a stereotype about Asian men. However, her man didn’t fit into any of those categories. She ran her finger across the soft skin of his hard penis. Slipping her mouth over it, holding part of it in her hand, she played with the rest in her mouth. She looked up at him, feeling him fill her mouth. Kazuhiro closed his eyes, his face changing expressions that were unable to be put into words. He didn’t know what felt better: her mouth or her— “Pllleeeasssssseee God, don’t stop,” he said. He was kneeling, looking at her body. She was so sexy, the way her back arched, and how round her ass was. She had two dimples on the lower part of her back. He watched her head bob up and down, and all he could think of is how lucky and loved of a man he was. He reached down, and grabbed her head, kissing her, then laying her down, wrapping her legs around him, and sliding himself inside of her warm, wet, soft, inviting love canal. She let him in and closed around his hard pulsating cock. She loved the way he filled her, and fit so perfectly inside. He paused for just a moment, looking into her eyes, and watched her gasp as he entered. He reached one hand under her waist, and grabbed her ass, spreading her cheek and pulling her hair with the other hand. In and out he went, moving his hips in a rhythmic pattern, always looking into her eyes. He turned her over on her hands and knees, gripping her waist, sending ripples up her back with every pounding force. Ayako reached back and pulled him into her faster and faster as she climaxed all over his phallus. She lay down with him behind her, and turned her head, looking into his eyes. He wrapped his hand around her neck and pulled her to him, kissing her deeply. She felt so loved, and he was so firm yet gentle inside of her. She could feel him growing inside of her, and she knew he was coming close to filling her. He wrapped his arms around her waist, biting her on the back, and grabbing her breast. She reached behind her pulling herself using his shoulders. His thrusts were powerful, and she ached with pleasure from each thrust. Kazuhiro grunted, and she let out a string of encouraging “Yes, yes, yes.” His hips moved faster and faster until he gripped her with all he had, squeezing the breath out of her lungs, while he yelled out, saying, “Oh my God, you are fucking incredible,” as he exploded inside of her, filling her up with weeks of pent-up frustration. She could feel him inside of her warm and wet pussy, still hard as they both collapsed onto the bed breathing, and touching one another. They calmly lay together, with his fingertips gliding over her arm and shoulder. He looked at her and said, “I love you, and there is nothing, no hardship, no struggle that I would not go through for you.” He grabbed her and held her in his arms. She could feel how close they were. She felt connected to this man, and could not imagine being this close to any other. He turned her over and looked directly into her eyes. “It’s been a while since we have been this way together.” Ayako just smiled. He continued, “I missed this; I missed you.” He laid his head on her chest, playing with her belly button. She stroked the back of his head. Then he placed his face close to her ear, sending chills up her spine. He whispered in her ear, and she could feel the breath from his mouth teasing her, making her body tingle all over. “I want you again,” he murmured. They didn’t get much sleep that night, and to Ayako’s surprise, their daughter slept through it all. Eventually, the two relaxed and were extremely satisfied with the night’s event, and fell into a deep and peaceful sleep, holding one another. The next morning, the family was up. Ayako already had breakfast prepared while Kazuhiro was in his study, closing last-minute business and tightening loose ends. He connected with the clan in America, discussing what state and city, who would be controlling, and what time he would eventually be there. Ayako walked into the room, set a cup of tea on the desk for him, smiled, and then pranced out of the room, humming a catchy little tune. She walked up the stairs, and into Okami’s room and was shocked to see her daughter up and even dressed — well, more like covered. She had sweatpants and a t-shirt on. Okami spoke over her shoulder and said, “I tried to put on a sports bra, but my ribs are still sore.” Ayako just looked at her daughter, so resilient. Most people, young or old, would be out for at least a month. Her daughter was up, and walking five days out of the hospital. She healed so quickly that Ayako was certain she got it from her father’s side of the family. “It’s ok, my child,” her mother said. “All in due time. Are you hungry?” Ayako asked. Okami nodded her head and said, “Thank you.” Her mother set the food on the desk and turned to walk out of the room. “Mom,” Okami said, now up and looking out of the window. “I saw daddy’s hand last night.” Her mother took in a deep breath; she didn’t think that her daughter noticed anything that night because she was still so very weak. Ayako said nothing and just stood there. Okami, still looking out of the window, said, “Is it my fault why Daddy lost his finger?” Ayako covered her mouth, and walked over to her daughter, placing her hand on Okami’s shoulder. Okami continued, “It is my fault Daddy lost his finger. If I went where I told you I was supposed to go, none of this would have happened.” Tears began to stream down Okami’s face. She bawled her fist and said, “Dammit, I’m crying again. I am not supposed to cry again.” Ayako took Okami in her arms, and Okami cried into her chest. So much of a responsibility to bear for such a young child, her mother thought. “No, my child,” she said. “It is not the fault of a woman when a man decides to take what he feels is his. It is not our fault when someone decides to hurt you. People make choices from their actions, but for every action, there is a responsibility and a consequence. It is your responsibility to create something amazing from this. You may choose to talk about it with me or not, but either way, it is going to come out, and you must make a choice every day, starting right now. What are you going to do with the pain, regret, and sorrow you feel at this very moment?” she continued, “It is not your fault that any of this has happened to you, and no matter how far away you run, it will always be right there with you. Every person does what they need to do to live with themselves for what happens in their life. I chose to deal with it my way. Your father chose to deal with it his way. And now you must choose how to deal with it in your way.” Okami paused her crying for a moment, and thought to herself, Deal with it in my way? She leaned back and looked her mother in the eye. “I understand, mother, and you and father will be very proud of me.” Ayako grabbed her daughter in her arms and said, “Oh my child, we are already very proud of you.” A tear fell from her face as she thought. She still believes it’s her fault and there isnothingIcan sayto my child together to think any other way. She is so much like me in so many ways, taking on the responsibility of others as if they were her own.“I’lltellyouthis, Okami,” her mother whispered in a calm, soothing voice. “No matter what your burden is and how you choose to face it, I will always be with you and there for you, my child, and so will your father.” Kazuhiro sat at his desk going through files on his computer. It was a lot more difficult without any help. His men were gone, and he couldn’t trust just any secretary rummaging through his work. Not to mention, he had to get used to not being able to use all of his fingers. He heard a soft knock on the door and knew immediately who it was. “Come in, Okami,” he said, holding his hand out to greet her as the door slid open. “Hey kiddo, how’s my little girl?” Okami smiled and blushed. How could not feel so wonderful when her father smiled and called her ‘kiddo.’ She walked over to him, and leaned on the desk, then asked, “Whatchadooin?” He explained to her what was happening, and she said, “Oh, so this file goes here and that one there, and if it has this print on it, take that out and put it here, right?” Kazuhiro looked at his daughter in amazement and said, “Yeah, that’s right.” “So then can I help you, Daddy?” He said, “Yes, go ahead.” The two of them worked together in silence, but neither one could hide the smiles that appeared on their faces now and then. Okami reached for a folder at the same time her father did, and she touched his bandaged hand. She looked at it, and her father quickly pulled it away. She grabbed his hand and said, “Daddy, don’t be ashamed. I know why you did it.” He retorted, “Did your mother tell you something?” Okami responded and said, “No. I figured that somehow you found out.” She looked straight at the wall with anger in her eyes, and then said, “One day, he will pay — they all will pay — for what they did to you.” Her father looked at her and said, “No, no, my child, this is something that I felt I had to do. Protecting my family is what I am supposed to do, and for the most part, I feel responsible for letting this happen.” She said, “No, Daddy, it was not your fault.” She started to tell him more; she wanted to tell him; but she just couldn’t. He put his hand on her cheek, and she turned away. Kazuhiro stood up from his desk, placed his hands on his daughter’s shoulders, and said, “It is ok kiddo. One day you will be able to tell me when you are ready, but only when you are ready. However, know this: I love you, and my love for you will never die, never stop. I will never take it away.” She tried to be strong — she tried not to cry again, but she couldn’t help it, and she sobbed once more in her father’s arms. He let her: he knew she needed this. Even though he had no idea how to fix it, he knew that right now all she needed was for him to be there. He looked down at her, wiped a tear from her eye, and said, “Let’s go take a walk. We’ll go get some ice cream or watch a movie together or something, but today is our time.” She looked up at him, drying her tears with her sleeves, and said, “Ok, I’ll go get dressed.” She walked over to the door. As she slid it open, he called after her and said, “Okami, I will always be there for you, and with you. Even when I am not around, just listen to your heart, and I will speak to you there.” She smiled and bounded up the stairs the best she could. He smiled, as she walked away. Ayako came to the door. Leaning on the door frame, said, “Even though she tries to hide it, she is not our little girl anymore.” Kazuhiro added, “Yes, something has changed in her. The bubbly energetic light that used to be there in her eyes is gone and has been replaced by determination, and there is an awareness she has that she did not have before. Her mind has been accelerated beyond her age. We both knew that it would happen.” “Yes, but for her to get it like this, I fear that if she is not careful, she will be consumed by anger and fear.” “Well,” Kazuhiro said, “If she does decide on that path, then it is up to us to show her the correct way.” A few more days went by, and the house was almost close to being packed. Okami bounced around the house, marking boxes, wrapping dishes, and packing family belongings. Kazuhiro walked up behind his wife, wrapping some family heirlooms in bubble wrap, and put his arms around her waist, nuzzling her neck. She stiffened and took a deep breath. “Dammit, Kazi,” she said, “You scared me! I almost dropped this.” Kazuhiro chuckled and said, “Well, it’s a good thing I married a woman with great reflexes.” “Yes,” she said, “Or you would be in big trouble right now,” as she socked him on the arm. “Okami seems to be having fun,” he says while rubbing on a fake bruise. “It seems that the move is giving her something to stay busy with,” Ayako replied. Just then, Kazuhiro felt a bit of uneasiness. He had expected the clan to retaliate by now — do something. Even though he knew he had the word of Katashi, he didn’t think for a second that his son was going to let it go. However, it had been quiet since the incident at the club. A little too quiet. This bothered him. Okami ran up to her parents and said, “Mom, Dad, may I take these boxes up to my room? I want to pack some of my stuff, too.” “Yes,” her mother said, “but be careful, and remember we can’t take everything.” They watched her walk toward the stairs, holding boxes in one hand, and another tucked underneath her cast arm. Ayako heard a knock at the door. Kazuhiro tensed, and Ayako said, “I wonder who that could be.” She opened the door and said, “Well, hello Atsuko.” Okami stopped at the stairs and turned toward the door. Atsuko stood and bowed, holding a present in her hand and saying, “Greetings, Mrs. Tokugawa,” in her most formal Japanese. “Is Okami home?” she asked. “Of course, she is, and please do come in Atsuko. There is no reason for you to be so formal; you are still so much a part of this family.” “The child can’t help it if her mother’s a bitch,” Ayako thought to herself. Atsuko came through the door. Seeing Okami made her face light up. She walked over to her best friend, who still had not moved, and said, “Hello! I brought you a present.” She handed it to Okami, and Okami took it in her hands, juggling it with the other boxes. Ayako, grabbing her husband’s hand, said, “Well, we will leave you two girls alone. Come on, honey, there is something that I want to show you downstairs.” Kazuhiro said, “But we are downstairs,” so she pinched him on his arm. “Ouch, ouch, ouch,” he said. “Ok, I’m coming.” The two girls were left standing in front of the stairwell. Atsuko said, “Ummm, so how have you been?” as she nervously rocked back and forth. “I’m fine,” Okami said. “I can’t wait to get this stupid cast off my arm.” “Well, at least it matches the color of the ribbon in your hair.” They both laughed, and Okami said, “I was about to go up to my room, and pack. Do you wanna come?” “Sure!” Atsuko said, “Let me take those boxes from you,” and bolted past Okami up the stairs to her room. She stopped at the door waiting for her friend who was following not so closely behind her. Okami didn’t realize how slow she had become. “Wow! Your room looks different,” Atsuko said as she walked in, looking around. “Yeah,” Okami replied. “I took all the posters down, rolled them up, and put them in that corner over there. You can have them if you want. I’m just going to throw them away if you don’t take them.” “Ooohhh, oh wow!” Atsuko said as she walked over to the corner, and looked at the posters. Okami took her stuffed bears, animals, trophies, and small trinkets, then threw them in the boxes. “Why are you just doing that?” Atsuko asked. “I don’t need them anymore.” “Oh, really,” Atsuko said. Okami could feel herself pulling away from her friend. She didn’t want to, but she could feel nothing. “Why didn’t you come to visit me? You didn’t come to the hospital or my home. What happened to you, Atsuko? You were supposed to be my friend.” “I know,” Atsuko said, holding down her head. “I tried, but my mother forbade me to come to see you. She said that your father was about to get in some big trouble, and it would not be good to be around you. I even had to sneak here just to see you today. I’m really sorry, Okami, about everything. I mean everything. Please forgive me,” and then Atsuko started to cry. “Don’t cry,” Okami said. “It was not your fault. There was nothing you could have done. I’m just glad you are here.” “So, still friends?” Atsuko asked. Okami looked her friend in the eye and said, “Yes, still friends,” and then hugged her. Atsuko hugged her back, wiping the tears from her eyes on Okami’s shoulder. “Now help me get this stuff packed away. I don’t need it anymore, but I bet you could use it.” “Hey!” Atsuko said. “What about this big stuffed Hello Kitty? Are you getting rid of that?” “No,” Okami said, “That is what my father brought me on the night of —" and then she paused, “On the night when I was in the hospital.” “Ok, well then, Hello Kitty is safe.” Atsuko picked up the stuffed animal and said, “Aren’t ya, Ms. Kitty?” The two of them stayed in the room talking, and packing as if nothing had ever changed. But Okami knew something had changed. She could feel it. And so did Astuko. Chapter 10 : The Lily Blooms and Sees Blood azuhiro looked at his watch. Everything was running on time. Everything was as he had planned. But was it? He thought to himself. He pushed the curtains back just a bit to look outside. He still felt the tension in the air, but couldn’t figure out why. But he learned from many years of experience to just trust his instincts. The clan still had not moved on him. Call it paranoia, call it K hypersensitivity — nonetheless, he could not get away from the feeling that something was about to go down. Hecouldte that it w a s the silence bef ore the storm. He felt his side where his HK 9 mm sat. If push comes to shove, I’ll always have this. I’m sure I can ditch it somewhere before I get to the airport, not like I have not done it before, he thought. “Well, everything is loaded in the moving trucks and should be on the way to the post office,” Ayako said. “Mm,” Kazuhiro grunts, “That’s good. Do you have everything that you need packed because we leave soon? Where is Okami?” “I think she is up in her room,” Ayako answers. “I’ll go get her.” Okami sat one last time looking down at the pond. All the fish were gone, and the only ones left were the water lilies. Earlier when she would look at that pond, it gave her hope and a promise of what was to come in her life. Since she had returned home, every day she would look down to feel that again but it was replaced with destiny and responsibility. She put all of her efforts into staying a young girl, never noticing the important things in the past, and now all she could notice was the loss of life. She felt herself changing inside, and was not sure what was going on. There it was again, that tugging feeling in her stomach. She was unsure what it was but knew something was not right. She was distracted by her mother’s voice coming from downstairs. “Okami! Are you ready to go, sweetie? There is someone here we want you to meet before we leave.” Okami looked at the pond one last time; images of her dream still shot through her head every time she did so. She sighed and thought to herself, Oh well, I guess those days are over, gone forever. She walked away, looking back at the pond one more time, then said in an unassuming voice, “Coming, Mother.” She put her travel bag over her shoulder and tucked her Hello Kitty stuffed animal under her arm. As she approached the stairs, she could hear a man’s voice laughing very loudly. “As I said, Kazuhiro, I’m here to take you to the airport. It’s the least I can do,” the man said. He was a medium height stocky person with a big smile and a happy face. He was extremely loud though. Okami proceeded down the stairs. By the time she was halfway there, she heard the man’s voice saying, “Well, look who’s up and about.” Her presence made her mother smile, her father just looked at her with his accepting nod. “Okami, my child,” her mother said, “Please, come here. I want to introduce you to someone.” Okami was uncertain how to feel about this man. He stepped forward, and she quickly stepped back. “Well, hello Okami,” the man bowed first. “It is a pleasure to meet you. My name is Satoshi, but you can call me Uncle Satoshi if you want. Your parents and I have a long history together.” She bowed politely. “It is a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Satoshi.” He looked at her for a moment and laughed out loud. “Ha-ha, wow! She sure is something else,” he said as he turned to look at her parents. “Look at the restraint she has. Well, Okami, we might need to call the emergency number.” Okami’s look became puzzled. “Why would we need to do that?” she asked. “Well, the way you are choking that stuffed animal, I don’t think he Is going to be able to make it to the airport.” Okami looked down. She hadn’t noticed that she was gripping her Hello Kitty so hard; she blushed and slightly grinned. “It’s ok,” he continued. “I’m sure we have something in the car to keep him alive.” He smiled at her and then turned back to the parents. “Then that settles it. I am taking you to the airport — no more arguments about it. Not only that, old man,” he said, looking at her father. “Someone of your stature should not be taking a taxi.” “Very well,” Kazuhiro said. “We will go with you. It really would be nice to see my old friend one last time.” “Great!” Satoshi said, then spoke into his hand, saying, “Start ‘em up.” “You didn’t say we were going to have an escort,” Ayako said. “Only the best for you, Mrs. T,” Satoshi answered. He opened the door and stepped out in front of them. Three cars were running. Two men and one woman were standing, holding the passenger door open while another was in the driver's seat. The middle car was a bit longer, and Okami recognized the woman as the nurse that was by her side in the hospital that night. She smiled at Okami and said, “Hello, Okami. I am glad you are feeling better.” Okami looked at her and said, “Hi, and thank you very much.” As they proceeded to the cars, a little old lady passed by pushing a small shopping cart. Okami got that tugging feeling in her stomach again. She turned to look at the old lady and noticed there was something strange about the cart. She pushed her father and said, “Look out, Papa!” She wrapped her hands around his waist, feeling the heavy metal strapped to his side. Kazuhiro lost his balance and fell into the car, catching himself. “Okami, what is going on?” he asked. At that moment, the arm of one of the men spurted blood, and the man fell back into the car. “Look out!” someone shouted. Okami reached into her father’s suit jacket and before Kazuhiro could move, the weapon was pulled out of its holster. Safety off, Okami pulled the trigger three times, and the old lady went down. “Holy shit!” Satoshi said. “Did you see that? Let’s go, let’s go — get in the cars,” he said. All of them hopped inside and sped off, running over the body, and sending the cart flying across the street. Okami was breathing hard, and her father and mother just looked at her. “Ha-ha, wow! You are a natural girl!” Satoshi said while speeding down the street, wheels screeching as he made the corner. “Holy shit!” Satoshi said again as he looked back, “Anyone hurt?” Kazuhiro looked at himself carefully, then took the handgun away from his daughter. Her eyes were wide, she was still breathing hard. “Oh, my God!” Ayako said as she looked at the quarter-sized hole in the head of the stuffed animal Okami was holding, stuffing burned around the sides. Ayako said, “Kazuhiro, look at that — let me see your jacket.” Kazuhiro leaned forward and, just as she suspected, revealed almost the same quarter-size hole through the back of his suit coat. “Oh my God, do you know what that means, Kazi?” “Yes, it means Okami pulled the weapon out, acquired her site, and pulled the trigger, missing everyone but who she intended to shoot.” “That’s impossible,” Ayako said. “Well, obviously not, ‘cause your daughter just did it. I have not seen shooting like that since, hell, I have never seen shooting like that! You are a natural kid.” Kazuhiro put his arm around his daughter and asked, “Are you ok?” Okami just sat there with wide eyes. Her breathing had slowed, but she still could barely speak. “I, umm, think,” still breathing hard, so she pushed the words out. “What happened?” she asked. “Well, it looks like you just saved your father’s life — that’s what happened.” “Shut up, Satoshi! Enough!” Ayako yelled. She got down on her knees in front of her daughter and smoothed the hair out of her face. “Look at me, my child,” she says. “Focus on my eyes.” Okami looked at her mother and began to calm down. She put her hand on her mother’s face and said, “Really Mommy, I’m ok.” Ayako slowly removed her hands from Okami’s face, then got up and sat down, staring at the floor. She had lost her baby girl now. Every attempt she took to keep her innocence was gone. She tried so hard to keep her daughter from the same path she took, but no matter how hard she tried, she realized it was inevitable. She looked over at her husband, his arm up on the back of the seat, looking out of the window. Okami just looked straight ahead out of the front windshield. Satoshi turned another corner, and she recognized the block. She saw the store that she would always stop to look at the kimono she wanted to purchase, but this time she did not see the kimono. In its place was a samurai uniform on a pedestal in full regalia. The pointed helmet, the two swords on the side. The armor plates were a brilliant black and red color. As she passed by, she could have sworn that the head turned to watch her pass. Okami turned her head and then sat back in her seat. The ride to the airport took only 45 minutes, but for them, it seemed like forever before they arrived at the drop-off terminal. Okami held her mother’s and father’s hands, gripping them tight. She looked at her father and said, “Papa.” Kazuhiro looked away from the window and at his daughter. “Yes, kiddo?” he said, eyes looking at her with care and concern. “Papa, I want to be like you, just like you. I want to be a dragon.” Her father looked at Ayako. She looked back at him and nodded her head. “Are you sure?” he asked in a soft voice. “Yes, Papa,” she said as she sat up straight, and put her hands in her lap. Kazuhiro nodded his approval. He never expected his daughter to be anything, but a fun-loving, jolly little girl. He looked forward to her coming home and asking for money to buy a new purse or a nice set of shoes. Then again, she was never like that before. She got what she wanted and when she wanted it, on her own. He realized that the way he dealt with her had to change. If not, she would suffer and be in constant pain, and he would be the source of it. He knew that she would have to be pushed until she felt she was going to die, and then push herself past that. He knew that from now on she would never have a normal childhood, only the perception of one. She would have to learn how to lie and steal. After the display she showed today, even though he would rather she take another path, he could feel that this was her destiny — that this is what she was born to do. They pulled up to the drop-off terminal, and Kazuhiro handed his weapon to Satoshi. “I’m sure that the Tokyo police can make this disappear.” “Oh hell, yeah. You got it, boss,” Satoshi said. “I’ll give it to the lieutenant of the gang task force.” Then he handed the weapon to Nurse Sexy Legs, whose name, in a conversation they come to find out, was Kook. Ayako’s eyebrows raised, and she said, “Really? Ok, Satoshi.” The doors opened and the guards got out, looking around, making sure the place was safe. Guard number two, who was shot in the arm and seemed to look like he was better now, nodded at Satoshi. He said, “Ok people! This is where I let you go as a VIP of the Tokyo police.” They all pulled their luggage out, and Kazuhiro said, “Goodbye, old friend,” and bowed to Satoshi. He bowed back and said, “We had some good times.” He then bowed to Ayako, “Take care, Mrs. T. Keep that sword hand safe.” She looked at him with her eyes big and mouthed the words “Shut the hell up.” He smiled and then stood in front of Okami. “You have a great life ahead of you. The path you decided to take is not going to be easy, but I feel if anyone can do it, it is you. Hell, you might even surpass your old man.” He bowed deeply to Okami and said, “Take care of yourself. It has been an honor to meet you.” They turned, waved goodbye, and walked toward the terminal. Once the family settled in first class, Kazuhiro and Ayako each had a glass of wine. Okami sat across from them on the other side. “Here’s to new beginnings,” Ayako said. Kazuhiro looked over at his daughter, who was staring out of the window. “May they be rewarding,” he replied. As a few more passengers boarded the plane, they heard a familiar voice saying, “Heeyyyy, old man! How are you, Mrs. T and Little T?” It was Satoshi. Ayako looked at him with surprise on her face and Kazuhiro just grunted his approval. As he put his bags in the overhead, Satoshi spoke over his shoulder. “Well, I was thinking with you being gone, I really don’t have any other purpose being with the Tokyo police, and after the hospital and today, the amount of paperwork I have to go through is just not worth it,” he said as he laughed out loud. “You, old man, are going to need someone to have your back over there in America. Not only that, but who is going to help train the little one? She is going to need a tutor if everything happens as I think it is. You will be way too busy to show her everything. Don’t worry about money; with the investments I have in place, we are set for a long while. I just got my first dividend check from this new company I bought shares. It’s an internet company with some f u n n y- l o o k i n g F symbol. So everything is handled,” he concluded as he sat next to Okami. “Boy, do I have a lot to tell you, little lady,” he added, as the stewardess poured him a glass of wine and smiled. He looked at her ass. as she walked away. “Man, change is good,” he said, looking over at Okami. “Did your father tell you about the time we were in Thailand?” Ayako said, “No! Satoshi, shut up.” “What?” he said. “Oh brother,” Ayako said, “This is going to be a long flight.” “Well, that’s a good thing ‘cause I got 14 hours of stories,” Satoshi said as the plane hatch closed. A Chapter 11 : New Beginnings Are Not Always So Sweet s they exited the plane in America, Okami was taken aback by how big everything was. With Okami sticking very close to her father, they walked through the airport, going through customs with no problem, and down to the baggage checking area. People were everywhere, speaking many languages: some she recognized, others she did not. “I think that’s our ride,” Satoshi said, pointing at a well-dressed man in a suit holding a sign written in English saying “Tokugawa.” “Wait right here,” Satoshi said as he walked over to the man. Satoshi looked at the man and realized he couldn’t be any more than 23. He walked up to him and said in perfect Japanese “Hey, I think you are waiting for us.” The young man looked at him, puzzled for a moment like he did not understand. Satoshi asked him again, then said, “Do you not understand me?” The boy responded in English, saying, “I’m sorry sir. I do not understand what you are saying to me.” “Oh God, that is right,” Satoshi said to himself. Scrolling through the English files in his head. Then he spoke in English with a very strong Japanese accent. “We are the Tokugawa party you are here to receive.” The young man’s eyes grew wide. “Oh, oh, I am sorry, Mr. Tokugawa. I was looking for someone older.” Wow, Satoshithought to himself, They were not even ready for us, and this young boy is probab ly the lowest-ranking person they could send. Note to self: get the boss some respect. Satoshi straightened up and said, “No, I am not the man you seek. Mr. Tokugawa is over there. Why don’t you go over and help him with his bags?” “Oh, yes, right, his bags.” “On second thought, just go drive the car to the door, and I will let him know when you pull up.” “Yes, Sir, I will. I’m sorry sir.” As the boy stumbled off toward the door. Satoshi strolled back to the family and said, “Can you believe this crap? We have one of the greatest men in Tokyo here, and they send a little punk who has no idea what you look like to come to pick you up.” Kazuhiro looked at his wife, who was helping their daughter with her luggage and said, “Flow with it, my friend. We are in a different land, with different cultures.” “Yeah, but they are Japanese. Where the hell is discipline and courtesy? No manners here, I tell you. This is ridiculous.” Kazuhiro just laughed under his breath. Ayako walked over to them and said, “So, was that our transportation?” Kazuhirosaid, “yes.” At the same time, Satoshi said, “Yeah, if you can call it that.” “Well, nonetheless,” Ayako said, “I am ready to get settled— 14 hours on a plane is enough for me to not ever want to travel again for quite some time.” Satoshi looked at Ayako. “How are you doing, little T?” Okami just nodded and stood farther behind her father for his protection. She had never seen anything like this. It was not as pretty as Japan, but everything was so big. She could make out most of the signs that were written in English and Japanese. The restaurants and taxis outside were not. Even though her mother taught her how to read and speak English, to be here and see everything for real just seemed so different. Satoshi laughed and said, “It’s ok little one. You will get used to this place, just as you did back home. Everything is going to be alright.” Just then Satoshi saw the young man waving his hands at them trying to get his attention. “Are you fucking kidding me?” Satoshi said to himself. “No manners, no manners at all.” He spoke, “Hey boss, I think our ride is here.” Kazuhiro reached down to retrieve his bag, but Satoshi beat him to it. “I got this, you don’t need to carry anything,” he said. He grabbed an abandoned airport cart, placing everyone’s bags on top. They walked to the car in a small tight group, Satoshi in front, then her father, followed closely by Okami on his right. Left was his wife walking quietly behind him. The young man walked up to Kazuhiro but was stopped short by Satoshi. “How about you help us with these bags?” “Oh, yeah, right. He fumbled through his pockets to retrieve a remote box and pressed the button. The back of a silver Land Rover opened up, and the young man, along with Satoshi, began to load the bags into the car. Kazuhiro walked over to the back seat door of the car and opened it. Okami looked around at all the cars speeding back and forth outside of the terminal. Along the curb were a few lines of cars parked with people inside, waiting to pick up someone just like them. One thing she could not get over was how big everything was: the cars were big, the buses were big, and ev en the people were big. She grabbed her father’s hand as he helped her get inside. Once the family was in, he closed the door. Satoshi and the young man climbed into the vehicle, both sitting in the front. “My bad for not having everything ready for you this time. I was told I had a VIP from Japan coming in today.” Looking at his rearview mirror, the young man said, “So you must be Mr. Tokugawa, and this is your family, am I correct?” Satoshi answered and said, “Yes, that is correct. Do you know where our house is?” The young man said, “Yes, I do, but Sam wants to see you now.” Who the hell is Sam? Kazuhiro thought to himself. “No, we will be going to the house now,” Satoshi said. “Ok?” The young man said, “But he is not going to like that very much.” “We will deal with this Sam later, but for right now you will take us home.” “Ok, it’s your funeral then,” he said. Satoshi looked at the young man with a puzzled look on his face. I guess this is how it is over here, he thought to himself. Just flow with it. He breathes out slowly. Okami looked out of the window at the landscape. Her arm was wrapped around her mother’s arm. It would have been nice to have had the stuffed Hello Kitty with her, but she left it in the car. If she was going to be brave, she had to leave everything that was childish in Japan. She was in a different place now, and she had to act like a big person. Everything was so green here. Trees were everywhere, and the traffic was so different from Tokyo. She saw a few girls at the airport, and they seemed strange to her. Well, if this is where she had to be, then she would make the best of it. They drove for about an hour. Okami could not sleep; this was so exciting to her. Finally, they exited the freeway, and after a few turns ended up in a beautiful subdivision. The houses were huge. Some had big pillars at the front of the entrance, surrounded by a fence or a wall. Okami wondered if people actually lived in places like this. Houses were so far apart with no large buildings or condos where more than one family slept. Even though her home in Tokyo was to itself, there was a home right next to her, and then one next to that one. Never did she see them so far apart. The vehicle slowed down and pulled into a driveway with an automatic gate, and a driveway that went all the way up to the house then circled around back out an exit gate. It was the most beautiful home she had ever seen. She sat up to take a good look. The design was so different from a Tokyo home. The driveway was long. The windows did not have paper shades. There was a huge glass window over the front door where a large chandelier hung. There were pillars from one end of the front of the house to the other. She counted 10. There was a water fountain in the front of the house, and well-decorated bushes everywhere. The Range Rover pulled up to the front door. Satoshi got out and opened the door for the family. The young man ran around and began to unload the luggage. Okami stood at the bottom of the brick steps, looking up at the door. The four of them stepped up the stairs into their new home. “Are you fucking kidding me!!” Sam threw a plate across the room, yelling almost at the top of his lungs. “He decided to go home instead of coming to see me. Who the fuck does this ‘fresh off the boat’ think he is? Doesn’t he fucking know who I am?” He slammed his fist on the desk and said, “You get that little son of a bitch on the phone, and tell him to bring that Tokyo shit to my office.” ‘Sam’ they called him, but it was short for ‘Sama,’ which means: my esteemed self in Japanese. “If he thinks that he’s gonna come here, and keep me from doing my job, he has got another thing coming! I have been running this clan for 20 fuckin’ years, and no young punk is going to come in and try to change that, especially some washed-up has been!” Kazuhiro looked out of the patio window into his new backyard. It was fairly easy to get home and have it fully furnished with the connections he had. He just didn’t expect to get something this exquisite for the amount of money he put in. Then again, land here in this country was a great deal more plentiful than in Tokyo. Satoshi walked up and stood next to him. “Incredible view, isn’t it, boss?” “Umm,” Kazuhiro said, closing his eyes, and taking in the view as he rewound it in his head. “Forgive me for interrupting you, boss, but it seems the kid says that this Sam wants to see you today, right now,” Satoshi added “Hmm, send the kid home. Tell him to come back tomorrow.” “Oh wow,” Satoshi said, “You are playing hardball straight out of the gate.” “No,” Kazuhiro said, “The fact that he sent a rookie and no escort tells me exactly who he is, and who he thinks I am. He will be extremely pissed by the time we get there tomorrow. Then I will be justified in doing what I plan. Hopefully, he is a man easily insulted, then this will happen more quickly than I plan.” “So, you are testing the waters right now?” “Yes, and you know this.” In a calm, collected voice Kazuhiro said, “Right now, Satoshi, I need your input and don’t want you to play stupid with me.” Satoshi looked at Kazuhiro and sarcastically said, while holding his chest, “Oh God, cut my heart out, why don’t ya.” Then his face changed to a serious expression, that made him look like he had aged a few years. “Well, this is how I see it,” Satoshi continued. “Where we are is the smallest, but the most promising area here in this country as far as the clan is concerned. The man running the clan’s name is Goro Tanaka. He goes by the name Sam, which from what I can gather was not given to him. He made it for himself, arrogant bastard. He has been running the clan for the past 20 years. As far as success goes, he is pretty good.” He continued, “However, with sending money down, not so much. There are 27 members in this clan, and they make most of their money through illegal gambling, prostitution, and drugs, and they also own a few malls and restaurants. Judging by how he reacts when dealing with the police, he is a hothead with power. That smart enough for you, old man?” “You missed one thing.” “And what might that be?” Satoshi asked as he turned toward his good friend. “You forgot to add that his world is about to go to shit when we walk through that door. Go tell the young man that he needs to pick us up tomorrow. However, for now, he needs to go back.” “He may not leave,” Satoshi said. “His boss told him not to come back without us.” Kazuhiro turned, walked to the stairway, and said, “Well, then he can sleep in the driveway.” Then he headed upstairs to check on his girls. Okami walked through the house. It was so big, she was not sure which one she wanted as her room. As she went to go to the other side of the house, she almost ran into her father, who was on his way up the stairs. “Oh sorry, Papa.” “Oh no, you are fine. What is going on with the ‘Papa’ calling?” he asked her. “Well, if I am going to be something great. I need to start sounding like “Well,” Kazuhiro chuckled, “Make sure you reserve who you are from within no matter the changes you got going on there.” “Yes, I will,” she said as she bowed quickly to him. “Where is your mom?” “I think she is in a room on the other side of the stairs.” “Thank you, Kiddo.” He touched the top of his daughter’s hair. Ayako stared out of the window in a room. Kazuhiro sneaked up on her, but before he could grab her around the waist, she said, “Hey, Kazi.” He continued with his motion and squeezed her tight. “So, what do you think?” he asked, nuzzling her ear. “It’s nice. Just when I was getting used to Tokyo, we had to move again. However, the house is very roomy.” “Have you picked out a bedroom yet?” Ayako said, “This one will do: the walk-in closet, the whirlpool, and the glass-enclosed shower all to itself in this one room sold me.” “Sounds good to me,” Kazuhiro said as he closed the bedroom door, locking it. “Kazi, I know that look. What are you about to do?” “If you have to ask, then I am doing something extremely wrong,” he said as he walked over to her and pulled out the two sticks holding her hair up. “God, damn,” he said while just looking at her. Okami went downstairs and saw Satoshi talking to the young man who brought them home from the airport. She walked to the kitchen. The floor was marble. There was an island in the middle with an industrial-type stovetop. Everything in the house was brand new. She opened up the fridge: it was stocked full. Satoshi saw Okami in the fridge and picked up an apple. Then he said, “Hey.” As she turned, the apple was already in the air, having been tossed underhanded at her head. Okami, without even thinking, moved out of the way, pushing the apple into the fridge, then quickly closing the fridge door. She looked straight at Satoshi with a focus on her face that was not there a few seconds before. Satoshi started to laugh out loud. “Oohhhh weeeee, you are a natural kid. Training begins tomorrow. Be ready. But until then, have fun around the house. Pretty cool, huh?” Okami just looked at him, puzzled. He was an interesting man. Then she realized that she was being rude, snapped back, and said, “Yes it is.” They talked for hours and Okami learned a lot. The next morning, Okami and her father sat side by side in the kneeling position. “We have many lessons to learn, and in time you will learn them all. But before you learn how to kill a person, you must first learn how to silence your mind.” Okami folded her hands and closed her eyes. It started well at first, but as a few minutes went by, scenes from that night kept flashing in and out of her head. She tried to push them back, but they kept coming. She began to sweat, and her breathing became rapid. As hard as she tried, she was unable to make the scenes stop playing in her head. She quickly opened her eyes and took a deep breath. Her father looked over at her and said, “That will be your lesson for the next month. When you can allow thoughts to go through your mind and let them pass, you will achieve peace. Become one with your thoughts, and they will no longer control you. No matter how frightening your thoughts may be, what has happened has already been done. You can’t change it but you can endure it. The only power it gets now is the power you give it, kiddo. It is now a part of you. Embrace it, for it shall never go away. Use it to make you stronger, faster, and more proficient than anyone you meet.” He brushed the bangs out of her face and said, “Practice that. I will see you later on today, and we will be here again tomorrow morning.” Kazuhiro got up and walked out of the room. Okami would not move; she was determined to get this down even if it took all day. Before Kazuhiro turned the corner, he looked back at his daughter, sitting there in the lotus position. If he didn’t feel someone’s presence, he would have run right into Satoshi, who was leaning up against the wall. “She is going to be ok, boss. After all, she is your daughter.” Kazuhiro continued walking as Satoshi followed. “That is not what worries me,” Kazuhiro said. “She will succeed, I know that, and she will surpass me in every way. But she has an emptiness in her that if it is not filled; no matter what she does, it will never be enough.” “Hmmm,” Satoshi said, “Spoken by a man who knows all too well about that.” “We leave in 15 minutes.” Kazuhiro changed the subject. “Do you have what we need?” “Yeah, the car is parked outside. Would you believe that boy is still sitting outside?” “That is impressive, so there is some discipline here. We can use that. I will meet you outside. Everything should go exactly as we planned.” “Oh yeah,” Satoshi said, “This is going to be fun. I have not done something like this since my baby years in narcotics. The game is afoot, my dear Kazuhiro,” Satoshi said in an awful attempt at a British accent. Kazuhiro smiled at his friend, shook his head, and walked away. “What the hell is going on with you? You are incompetent!” Sam punched the guard in the face. “There is no way I am drinking this crap. I told you nothing younger than 67, and you bring me this shit? Get out of my face, you fool!” he said as he kicked the man in his ribs. The man stumbled out of the room and passed by the young man who had picked up the Tokugawa family from the airport. “Sam,” the young man said. “What? Goddam it,” Sam retorts with his back turned to the door, looking at the bottle of scotch, scowling. “Mr. Tokugawa is here.” “Oh really? Great! It’s about fucking time.” Then he sat down at his desk and said, “Show the fobbie in.” Kazuhiro sat as Satoshi stood next to him, both of them a sign of complete self-discipline, looking alert but at the same time every bit relaxed. From the looks of things, this Sam person had money and power but was extremely sloppy. His guards sat down at the door; women were walking around everywhere, some clothed, some barely; a few of them looked like they had been beaten. Some were sitting on the laps of some of the men, making out on the couch. Kazuhiro could hear sex sounds from one of the rooms and saw one man come out of the bathroom with two women buttoning his shirt. The place was very well decorated and furnished, vintage this and that throughout the high-rise condo, but the place was filthy and cluttered. Drugs and alcohol sat on tables and weapons were randomly just lying around. He noticed a few of the men and he could see just by body posture they still had promise and potential, but the rest were just undisciplined thugs, and he knew that if this clan, his clan, were to be the center of this country and eventually the world, that had to change. The young man who took them to the airport came walking back and said, “Sam wants to see you now. Be careful — he is in one of his pissed- off moods.” Satoshi spoke and said, “Huh, and that means what to us?” The boy looked shocked for a second, then regained his composure. “Oh, you must not know about him. Well, everything is ok until he raises his voice, then all hell breaks loose, and he won’t calm down until he hurts someone or throws something.” “So, he is like that?” Satoshi said. Then he looked at Kazuhiro, who just looked straight ahead with no reaction at all. “Well, lead the way, kid,” Satoshi said. He switched from English to Japanese. “So, how are we gonna deal with him, boss?” “Be civil until it no longer works,” Kazuhiro answered. They walked down a long narrow hall that led into a very spacious and well-lit office. The drapes were Victorian; the windows were long and high. Sam sat at a large oak desk. This was the only place in the house that was impeccably neat. Nothing was out of place; the pictures on the wall were all collectors’ items, and the furniture - was modern and well-maintained. This surprised Kazuhiro, but it confirmed his assumptions about this Sam person. He was a selfish, self-centered, egotistical man. Kazuhiro despised men like that. Once one becomes a leader, he can no longer just think about himself. There is no place in this world for men like that. His egocentric attitude made Kazuhiro sick. “Hey, Sam,” the young man said. “Here they are.” He then sat down on one of the couches and picked up a magazine. The two of them walked closer to the desk and bowed, saying nothing. “Ahhhh, so you are the guy sent from Japan. I was told to expect only one of you. Who is this guy?” “I am Mr. Tokugawa’s assistant.” Kazuhiro stood upright, but Satoshi stayed bowing. “We do apologize for any inconvenience we might have caused you.” Sam smirked and grunted out, “So, he can’t speak to me?” Kazuhiro could sense that this Sam person was getting a bit agitated. So soon? he thought. He was hoping that the man would have just a bit more self-control. It would have been fun to manipulate the situation without violence; however, he could see it coming to that. “What?” Sam continued, “Am I not good enough to talk to?” Sam hated that part of his culture: a real man would address people directly and not through some damn puppet. Ok, ok, he said to himself, calm down. They are new. They don’t know you just yet. A small demonstration will put fear in their eyes. He got out of his chair, walked around his desk, and leaned back, allowing the desk to support his weight. “See, you two are new in town. You don’t know who and what I am. I will forgive your transgressions — this time. Forgive my manners. I mean, you are guests from Japan. Can I get you anything tea, sake, sushi, a chopstick?” “No, thank you. We are fine,” Satoshi answered. “What the fuck?” Sam yelled. “I invited you into my home,” he stood up, “I sent someone to retrieve you from the airport,” he started to walk forward. “All I asked was that you come and see me on your way home, and you couldn’t even fucking do that!” Sam yelled at the top of his voice. Satoshi stepped forward. “Mr. Tokugawa was unable to obey your request because his daughter was just released from the hospital.” “I don’t think I was talking to you, little shit,” Sam said to Satoshi and cranked his arm back to sock him in the face. Satoshi closed his eyes and bowed his head. Shit! he said to himself. You better be fast, old man, ‘cause I don’t want a punch in the face by this asshole. Sam felt good. The anticipation of smashing this little man’s face would most certainly bring the fear and respect he was going to need from these two fobs. He could not wait to feel the little man's jaw crunch against the force and power of his fist. “Ok, well I guess the fun is over,” Kazuhiro said as he reached around Satoshi, grabbing the fist of the gangster, twisting his wrist, and using his momentum against him. Pulling his arm down, and striking Sam in the Solar Plexus, Kazuhiro sent him upside down, looking at the ceiling. Sam hit the floor with a thud, knocking his wind out. Satoshi reached into his jacket and pulled out a .45 caliber HK, and some funny-looking knife that he flipped around on his fingers. The guards in the room reluctantly went for their weapons. Satoshi pointed his weapon in their direction and said, “Really, gentlemen? You wanna die for him?” as he cocked his head in the direction of the former clan boss lying on the floor. Satoshi heard weapons click back to safety and grinned. Kazuhiro stood over Sam, his arm in the air wrist twisted in an unwilling position. “Goko Tanaka,” Kazuhiro said, finally speaking in perfect English. “This is no longer your clan; it is mine.” “How dare you come in here and try to — aagghhh,” Sam said as Kazuhiro twisted his arm. Sam could feel his tendons ripping. “I see it as one of the two ways for this incident to turn out for you. Would you like to hear it?” “Fuck you,” Sam said, “And you’re gonna have to break my arm ‘cause there is no way I’m gonna just hand over all my hard work to someone like you.” “Maybe you will be a bit more understanding when you are in pain.” Kazuhiro could have just used a little pressure and that would have done the trick, but he noticed that everyone was watching, and he knew he could kill two birds with one stone. So he pressed down and made sure everyone heard the audible crack of Sam’s wrist, radius, and humerus snapping one after the other. Sam screamed so loud it was almost sad. He sounded like a little girl, with high-pitched screaming at the top of his lungs. Bullies love dishing out the pain but are extremely unable to take it. Kazuhiro stood up from his knees pressed against Sam’s back; he straightened his jacket, dusted off the high-back leather chair, and sat in it. He could not stand the damn chair, but he also realized that until he established his authority, he had to ride off the symbolic power of this weak shit. He sat up straight, put his hands on the desk, and said, “Kid, pick him up.” Everyone stood; no one made a sound. They just looked at Kazuhiro, dumbfounded. Satoshi walked around the desk and stood beside him. “Kid,” Satoshi said, “Help him up.” The young man took in a deep breath, walked over to Goko, formerly known as Sam, and helped him up on the couch. Kazuhiro looked around the room now full of every single person in the house. “It has been my experience,” he said in a calm clear voice, “That people seem to pay more attention to key topics of a conversation when in extreme pain. You, Goko, are a pitiful man. You have run this clan into the ground for over 20 years. The Blacks have moved in on your territory from the south, the Hispanics from the north, the Italians from the west. However, you still seem to have enough money to afford all this and a pretty decent crew.” Kazuhiro continued, “I’m guessing this is only possible because you have sold out your fellow comrades, and have placed yourself in a position of being a well-paid whore. We are yakuza, and the only people we bow down to are those who are more powerful than us. Everyone else should tremble in fear. I am here to regain what you have destroyed.” Then he crossed his fingers on the desk and looked around the room. Satoshi pointed at one of the men standing and said, “You, please take this man to the hospital. Falling down the stairs can be extremely painful. I need to see all the officers, involved accountants, secretaries, treasurers, and everyone assigned to different areas — I need you here. The rest of you may leave.” He could have said, Don’t go too far, but he knew they had nowhere else to go. A small, frail man stepped forward and said, “Excuse me, Sir.” “Yes?” Satoshi said. “We don’t really have anything like that here. Mr. Sam had all of that information himself.” Sam was being helped out the door. “Hey!” Satoshi said, “You have two choices. Tell me where I can find everything — passcodes, and stuff — so you can get to the hospital, and get something for all that pain. Or you can stay here with me, and go through some of this paperwork. What’s it gonna be?” Sam looked up and said, “All of the information you need to know is in the upper-right drawer.” Then he took a key from around his neck and handed it to someone to give to Satoshi. “Everything else you need, that key will get for you. May I please leave, now?” “Sure,” Satoshi said. “And please make sure that he is well taken care of,” he said to the man walking him out of the room. “Well, in that case, everyone leaves. I will be calling you. It is a new day. Things are going to change: some you will like, others…wellllll.” He crossed his arms and said, “New beginnings are not always so sweet.” Everyone just stood and looked at him, dumbfounded. Nobody moved, then the young man lifted his head and said, “You heard the man! Let’s go, people — outside!” They poured out of the room like herded cattle; then the door was closed behind them. “Oh wow, that was fun!!” Satoshi said. “Your plan went well, boss.” Kazuhiro crossed his arms and rested his chin on the fist of his left hand. He glanced down at his missing pinky, then said, “From now on, we will be the face of the yakuza.” Then he turned his chair around and looked out the window over the city. He had to say something for the taste of the previous boss. He understood the concept of location. O Chapter 12 : Anxiety Attack kami sat on the leather couch with her legs crossed, slowly rubbing her left arm. She couldn’t feel her right hand rubbing her left arm. She could feel the scars on her arm with the fingertips of her right hand as she slowly traced the scars. Her body was numb, and at the same time, her body just hurt all over. She stared out of the window blankly and imagined her home in Japan: the goldfish pond, the bamboo trees, and her father’s rock garden. She longed to be back home. She wanted to be back home where she was safe. No, not safe — she wanted to feel as if she belonged. At this moment, she felt nothing. She wanted to feel real pain, real sorrow, real something, but all she could feel was just the emptiness inside of her. An image quickly flashed before her: she felt ropes around her neck and legs; she felt the warm breath against her body. The more she thought about it, the more she tried not to, and the more she tried not to, the more she did. She wanted to cry but didn’t feel like it. She wanted to scream. She wanted to run down the street and yell at the top of her lungs, but she could not. All she could do was just sit in silence, holding her arm. She began to rub her arm again, and this time it was wet. As she looked down, blood ran down her arm where she had unknowingly squeezed her left arm, so hard that her nails dug deep into the flesh, drawing blood. It was at that moment she knew what she had to do. The pain she felt was unbearable. She slowly climbed off the couch, wiping the tiny droplets off the couch with her gown. Then in a zombie-like fashion, she walked through the house, and out the back door to a small little well-put-together shack. The roof had well-polished wooden shingles, and the wooden floor outside of the shack wrapped around the base like a grass skirt. Okami walked up to the sliding doors and pushed one open. Taking her shoes off, she walked inside an empty, lightly furnished room. On her far left an altar stood with a picture over it. Her father told her that that man was the father of aikido. Directly in front of her, bamboo swords were ceremoniously placed on the wall. Each one had a stand, where it was horizontally hung. She slowly walked over to the wall and reached out her hands to touch the bamboo. She could feel the leather straps, the smooth contour of the bamboo, and the firm, the soft leather handle of the shini. She held it in her hand for a moment, then took her left hand and held the bamboo sword at the handle with it. She felt the weight of the sword and shifted it from hand to hand. She was quite shocked that she could feel the shini in her left hand. She dropped it and grabbed her hand, but felt nothing in her fingers. Okami began to breathe hard, and she could feel her heartbeat. Small droplets of perspiration formed around her nose and forehead. She looked at her hand as fear ripped through her body, and then she grinned not a happy grin, but a grin that people get when they have realized what and who they were. She reached down and grabbed the bamboo stick with her left hand, and touched it with her fingertips. Yes, she really could, she really could feel the object with her hand. She quickly grabbed it and held the shini in her hand slowly swinging it. She realized that the sweat and her heart pounding in her chest was not her fear, but her excitement. She understood what it meant, and she became determined and driven to have this feeling even more. She swung the light bamboo stick left and right, up and down, faster and faster. She could feel her body begin to get sore as she reached the point of exhaustion, and pushed past it. She stopped, sensing someone behind her, and she slightly jumped. “I’m sorry, Princess,” her father said, leaning up against the doorframe of the dojo, shoes off and arms crossed. He had a medium-sized frame, and his posture was always erect. “Here, let me show you something,” he said as he walked through the threshold of the dojo. He stood behind her and put his right hand on her left arm, twirling her in a circle, and her mind went back to the night Haruo danced with her. “AHHHHHHHH!” Okami let out a scream. Her eyes were as big as saucers and she stood frozen, looking at her father’s hand on her left. Her father quickly turned her around, shielding her body from whatever danger she was screaming from, and as he held her, she screamed louder — not moving, just looking down at her left arm, tears streaming down her face. Kazuhiro frantically ran his hands around his daughter’s body, making sure she had not been hurt. He grabbed her face with both hands, and his throat was shut tight and dry. All he wanted to know was what was wrong. At that moment, Okami fainted in his arms. Kazuhiro scooped up his daughter in his arms, ran to the house, and yelled for someone to come help. Satoshi was already at the door. Kazuhiro shot past him and made his way toward the house. Satoshi was on his heels, cell phone in one hand, and on the phone with the doctor. His face was serious and worried, his forehead wrinkled. “Doctor is on his way,” he said, knowing that he might or might not have been heard. Kazuhiro stood, holding his wife, and looked at the doctor. His eyes were focused on every word, and his ears hurt due to his intense focus on what was being said. “So, your daughter is in great health,” he said. “Are you aware she is unable to feel anything on the left side of her body?” “Yes,” they both said in unison. Kazuhiro patiently waited. The doctor looked at both of them and smiled. As he leaned on the doorframe and crossed his 17-inch arms, he took in a deep breath and said, “Please forgive me when I say this, and I want you to know I speak out of turn in concern, no nosiness. I noticed your daughter has many cuts on her arm on the left side. They don’t look any more than three months old. Has she experienced any traumatic events within the past few months?” “Why does that matter?” Ayako said as she took a step forward. Her husband gently touched her hand, and she cast her eyes at him. “If you have something to say about this, doctor, please say it now. We are not very patient people when it comes to our daughter.” “Have the two of you ever heard of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder or PTSD? It usually occurs after a traumatic event. It can happen anywhere from one week to six years; it all depends on the person. It appears that your daughter’s brain is taking a very aggressive approach to healing. You will notice she will sleep a lot more than usual.” “Yes, that has been the case,” her mother replied. “She is either up and mostly stays in the house, very seldom ever venturing out, or she is asleep.” “Well, that is her body repairing itself. I’m not a psychologist; however, I know a good one who will help your daughter, and not just pump her full of medication. If you like, I will give her a call and have her contact you.” “Thank you, doctor,” Kazuhiro said, walking up to him and placing $10,000 in the doctor’s hand. “I am extremely grateful for you being here, and showing up on time. I would love to speak to her — every little bit will help.” Ayako pulled out her cell phone and searched for PTSD. “Not a problem,” the doctor said. “I will make sure everything is taken care of, and you will not have to worry. Your daughter is a pretty amazing young lady to have survived whatever it was, that she went through. It will take some time to get her back to being herself again. However, with support, a few techniques, and a great deal of love, she will be just fine.” “Thank you, doctor, for everything.” “You are so welcome! I will let myself out,” and with that, Doctor Michigan strolled down the hallway as Satoshi escorted him to the door. Ayako was deep into her phone reading and researching. Kazuhiro knew what that look was, and that there was no pulling her away. Once his wife got focused, some of the greatest minds in the world could not match her intensity. He didn’t care. All he wanted to do was get to his daughter. He kissed his wife on the forehead and took that long walk up the stairs toward his daughter’s room. He gently knocked on the door and opened it. Okami was sitting up on her bed, staring out the window. Her facial expression was blank. She just sat there with covers up to her waist, hands folded, sitting straight up in bed, just staring. “Hey Princess,” he said as he walked over and sat on her bed. When Okami heard her father’s voice, her heart felt relieved, but her body was tense. What was that? What happened to her? he asked himself for the hundredth time. “How are you feeling? he asked. “I’m ok, Papa, I just, I just—" and she started to break down and cry again. He went to touch her and she pulled away. “What’s wrong, Princess?” he said, doing his best to not show his concern for how she was acting. He knew it was not him and he wanted to know what it was. He looked at her and said, “You don’t have to ever tell me; you don’t have to tell me now. But if and when you are ready to tell me, I would like to know what happened earlier today.” Okami looked up at her father and with tears in her eyes, she said, “Papa, I’m sorry, I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean to do that. I’m so sorry,” and she fell into his chest, soaking his white dress shirt with tears. All she could say over and over again was, “I’m sorry, I’m sorry.” Kazuhiro said nothing but held his daughter in his hands. He was not sure what she needed, but he did know that right now she needed him. He sat on the bed and just held his daughter. Three hours later, Okami looked up at her father and said, “Papa, can I tell you something and you not get mad at me?” “Of course, Princess. There is nothing you can do that would make me mad at you,” and she knew he meant it. She pulled out her left arm from under the covers and said, “Touch me.” Kazuhiro looked at his daughter’s extended arm and gently touched her. She flinched and pulled her arm from his hands, quickly putting it back under the covers. All the blood rushed from her face, and the only thing she could do was look at her father. With tears welling up in her eyes, she said, “I can feel that.” “Really?” her father said, as he leaned back on her bed and put his arm around her. “I’m sorry, Papa,” she said, looking up at him with tears in her eyes. “I’m sorry I was not strong enough.” “Oohhh, nonsense,” her father said. “Do you have any idea how much strength it takes to go through what you have, and still want to live? I am very proud of you. This is no big deal; this is something that we can work through.” He sat up with excitement on his face. “Tell me more about this, what an incredible opportunity.” Okami looked at her father’s face and smiled; he was genuinely excited. She was not sure why, but all of her fear and anxiety just melted away. She sat up in bed and began to speak. Her father just listened and listened and listened. “You know what really happened, Papa?” Okami said to her father. “No, what happened?” Okami looked up and said, “When you touched my hand, I could feel all the pain I had ever had on it. It hurt so badly, I couldn’t speak. I wanted to cry out and tell you, but I couldn’t and every time you touched me, I could feel everything: every cut, every bruise, every time I banged my hand against the wall or closed it in a door, everything came all at once, and it hurt, Papa. It hurt badly.” Her eyes were pointed at her father, but she was not looking at him. She was somewhere else, and all Kazuhiro could do was hold his daughter and listen. Ayako leaned on the doorframe and smiled, a tear running down her cheek. She walked downstairs and began to make tea. Kazuhiro came down a few minutes later. She gracefully rose to her feet, and walked over to her husband, wrapping her arms around him. Burying her face into his, she could hear his heartbeat and smell his sweet scent, always so pleasant. Kazuhiro put his arm around his wife and said, “You seem to be happy.” “I am,” she said, talking through his chest. She leaned back and looked at him, her eyes wide and bright, her teeth showing as she spoke through her smile. “You are her connection. You are her anchor. This is beautiful.” She let him go and danced around the room. Kazuhiro pulled out a chair and sat down, for he knew when she was on a roll like this, there was no stopping her. She began to sing and hum, and then stopped, turned, and looked at him while walking to her tea. “I heard what she said, and hun, you have no idea how incredible that is. With you, she now has hope. You can teach her how to feel. There is no way she can be who you are if she cannot feel. She will always be in danger. She will be fine; she will compensate for what she lacks. I have never seen anyone so resilient.” “She is your daughter,” he said with a chuckle. “I read about this before,” she said while pacing the floor, “While Okami was in her coma, I was reading about the brain, and it said that sometimes the brain shuts off parts of the body, and only a person that they truly trust and love can access it. Some people go their whole lives never finding that person. Very seldom is the person in the family. Due to the high level of dependency, it is hard to trust. However, she seems to be all of that and more with you. It’s amazing, hun, and I don’t have any words to say, but I am so happy for our daughter. Between the three of us, we will make this work, and she will be the best this world has ever seen. She will be our greatest legacy and the family name Takagowa will be known throughout the world. This is what I see, my love.” Kazuhiro’s body tensed. He could feel an urge building in him that had been dormant for a very long time. He swore he would never be that man again, yet for some reason, he knew that if he ever became the man he once was, he would be better, wiser, and more cunning. I never thought I would ever think of this, he said to himself. I never thought I would go against myfather, but I have noother choice. His body tensed andhis heart began to quicken. He could feel his heartbeat and hear everything around him. He smiled ever so slightly. Could this be? he asked himself. I have not felt this way in a very long time. However, my body is telling me that it is what I know to be true. Hello, old friend, it is good to feel you again. It has been a while since I have felt fear.